<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>g68220e10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                     U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                                    FORM 10-K


                   [X] ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                      For the year ended December 31, 2000

                                       OR

                 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                        Commission File Number: 33-2262-A

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          -----------------------------
             (exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

                DELAWARE                                59-2646820
                --------                                ----------
     (State or other jurisdiction of       (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
     incorporation or organization)

      200 Corporate Boulevard South
            Yonkers, New York                              10701
            -----------------                              -----
(Address of principal executive offices)                (Zip Code)

                                 (914) 376-7383
                                ----------------
               (Registrant's telephone number including area code)

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None
Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes [X]  No [ ]

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

     The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of
the Registrant, based upon the average of the closing bid and ask quotations for
the Common Stock on March 26, 2001 on the OTC Bulletin Board, was approximately
$100,353,805. The shares of Common Stock held by each officer and director and
by each person known to the Registrant who owns 5% or more of the outstanding
Common Stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be
affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a
conclusive determination for other purposes. As of March 27, 2001, Registrant
had 380,377,118 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:   None.


<PAGE>   2


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                                    FORM 10-K
                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                              <C>
PART I .......................................................................    1
   ITEM 1.  BUSINESS .........................................................    1
   ITEM 2.  DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY ..........................................   14
   ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS ................................................   14
   ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS ..............   15
PART II ......................................................................   16
   ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS .........   16
   ITEM 6.  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA .............................   17
   ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
            AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ........................................   19
   ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK ........   31
   ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS .............................................   31
   ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
            AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE .........................................   31
PART III .....................................................................   32
   ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS .....   32
   ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ...........................................   33
   ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT ...   40
   ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS ...................   41
PART IV ......................................................................   41
   ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K ..   41
SIGNATURES ...................................................................   42
EXHIBIT INDEX ................................................................   43

</TABLE>

                           FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

         ADVR cautions readers that some of the information in this report
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities
laws. For this purpose, any statements contained in this report that are not
statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements typically are identified by use of terms like "may,"
"will," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate", "believe", "intend", "could",
"would" and similar words, although some forward-looking statements are
expressed differently. You should be aware that our actual results could differ
materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements due to a
number of factors, including our limited operating history and substantial
operating losses, availability of capital resources, ability to effectively
compete, economic conditions, unanticipated difficulties in pharmaceutical
research and development, ability to continue research and development, ability
to gain governmental approvals, uncertainty relating to timing of governmental
approval process, dependence on equity and debt financing for continued
operations, dependence on third party distributors and consultants, dependence
on our key personnel, ability to protect our intellectual property and the
impact of future government regulation on our business. You should also consider
carefully the risks described in this report or detailed from time to time in
our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").


<PAGE>   3


         AS USED IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K, THE TERMS "WE," "US,"
"OUR," AND "ADVR" MEAN ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
(UNLESS THE CONTEXT INDICATES A DIFFERENT MEANING).

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

         Advanced Viral Research Corp. was formed in July 1985 to engage in the
production and marketing, promotion and sale of a pharmaceutical drug with the
trade name RETICULOSE(TM) (the current formulation of which is now known as and
hereinafter referred to as PRODUCT (R) for the treatment of certain viral and
autoimmune diseases such as:

         o        human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV, including acquired
                  immune deficiency syndrome, or AIDS;

         o        hepatitis B and hepatitis C, both liver diseases;

         o        human papilloma virus, or HPV, which causes genital warts and
                  may lead to cervical cancer; and

         o        rheumatoid arthritis.

         Since 1962, when Reticulose was reclassified as a "new drug" by the
Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, the FDA has not permitted Reticulose to be
marketed in the United States. A forfeiture action was instituted in 1962 by the
FDA against Reticulose, and it was withdrawn from the United States market. The
injunction obtained by the FDA prohibits, among other things, any shipment of
Reticulose, now known as "Product R," until a new drug application, or NDA, is
approved by the FDA. FDA approval of an NDA first requires clinical testing of
Product R in human trials, which cannot be conducted until we first satisfy the
regulatory protocols and the substantial preapproval requirements imposed by the
FDA upon the introduction of any new or unapproved drug product pursuant to a
notice of claimed investigational exemption for a new drug, or IND.

         Our operations over the last five years have been limited principally
to research, testing and analysis of Product R in the United States, either IN
VITRO (outside the living body in an artificial environment, such as in a test
tube), or on animals, and engaging others to perform testing and analysis of
Product R on human patients outside the United States. The FDA has not approved
human clinical trials for Product R in the United States. We may be required, in
the absence of grants or other subsidies, to bear the expenses of the first
phase of human clinical trials to the extent the FDA permits human clinical
trials to occur. We do not know what the actual cost of such trials would be. If
we need additional financing to fund such human clinical trials, it may not be
available to us, which may force us to reduce our operations.

         Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D., our Chief Executive Officer and President,
has monitored the testing of Product R and has recently performed analyses of
Product R with our scientific



                                       1
<PAGE>   4

staff, which we believe may be used in connection with the FDA approval process.
In addition, we have contracted with GloboMax LLC of Hanover, Maryland to advise
us in our preparation and filing of an IND with the FDA, and to otherwise assist
us through the FDA process with the objective of obtaining full approval for the
manufacture and commercial distribution of Product R in the United States.
During the first quarter of 2001, we and Globomax met with the FDA to discuss
the content and format of our first IND application for Product R, and as a
result of this meeting we are preparing additional data for the IND submission.

         Our offices are located at 200 Corporate Boulevard South, Yonkers, New
York 10701 and 1250 East Hallandale Beach Boulevard, Suite 501, Hallandale,
Florida 33009. Our telephone number in Yonkers, New York is (914) 376-7383 and
our telephone number in Hallandale, Florida is (954) 458-7636. We have also
established a website: WWW.ADVIRAL.COM. Information contained on our website is
not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

         The FDA imposes substantial requirements upon and conditions precedent
to the introduction of therapeutic drug products, such as Product R, through
lengthy and detailed laboratory and clinical testing procedures, sampling
activities and other costly and time consuming procedures to demonstrate that
such products are both safe and effective in treating the indications for which
approval is sought. After testing in animals, an Investigational New Drug, or
IND, application must be filed with the FDA to obtain authorization for human
testing. When the clinical testing has been completed and analyzed, final
manufacturing processes and procedures are in place, and certain other required
information is available to the manufacturer, a manufacturer may submit a new
drug application, or NDA, to the FDA. No action can be taken to market Product
R, or any therapeutic drug product, in the United States until an NDA has been
approved by the FDA.

         The IND process in the United States is governed by regulations
established by the FDA which strictly control the use and distribution of
investigational drugs in the United States. The guidelines require that an
application contain sufficient information to justify administering the drug to
humans, that the application include relevant information on the chemistry,
pharmacology and toxicology of the drug derived from chemical, laboratory and
animal or IN VITRO testing, and that a protocol be provided for the initial
study of the new drug to be conducted on humans.

         In order to conduct a clinical trial of a new drug in humans, a sponsor
must prepare and submit to the FDA a comprehensive IND. The focal point of the
IND is a description of the overall plan for investigating the drug product and
a comprehensive protocol for each planned study. The plan is carried out in
three phases: phase I clinical trials, which involve the administration of the
drug to a small number of healthy subjects to determine safety, tolerance,
absorption and metabolism characteristics; phase II clinical trials, which
involve the administration of the drug to a limited number of patients for a
specific disease to determine dose response, efficacy and safety; and phase III
clinical trials, which involve the study of the drug to gain confirmatory
evidence of efficacy and safety from a wide base of investigators and patients.

         An investigator's brochure must be included in the IND and the IND must
commit the sponsor to obtain initial and continual review and approval of the
clinical investigation. A





                                       2
<PAGE>   5

section describing the composition, manufacture and control of the drug
substance and the drug product is included in the IND. Sufficient information is
required to be submitted to assure the proper identification, quality, purity
and strength of the investigational drug. A description of the drug substance,
including its physical, chemical, and biological characteristics, must also be
included in the IND. The general method of preparation of the drug substance
must be included. A list of all components including inactive ingredients must
also be submitted. There must be adequate information about pharmacological and
toxicological studies of the drug involving laboratory animals or IN VITRO tests
on the basis of which the sponsor has concluded that it is reasonably safe to
conduct the proposed clinical investigation. Where there has been widespread use
of the drug outside of the United States or otherwise, it is possible in some
limited circumstances to use well documented clinical experience as a substitute
for other pre-clinical work.

         After the FDA approves the IND, the investigation is permitted to
proceed, during which the sponsor must keep the FDA informed of new studies,
including animal studies, make progress reports on the study or studies covered
by the IND, and also be responsible for alerting FDA and clinical investigators
immediately of unforeseen serious side effects or injuries.

         When all clinical testing has been completed and analyzed, final
manufacturing processes and procedures are in place, and certain other required
information is available to the manufacturer, a manufacturer may submit an NDA
to the FDA. An NDA must be approved by the FDA covering the drug before its
manufacturer can commence commercial distribution of the drug. The NDA contains
a section describing the clinical investigations of the drug which section
includes, among other things, the following: a description and analysis of each
clinical pharmacology study of the drug; a description and analysis of each
controlled clinical study pertinent to a proposed use of the drug; a description
of each uncontrolled clinical study including a summary of the results and a
brief statement explaining why the study is classified as uncontrolled; and a
description and analysis of any other data or information relevant to an
evaluation of the safety and effectiveness of the drug product obtained or
otherwise received by the applicant from any source foreign or domestic. The NDA
also includes an integrated summary of all available information about the
safety of the drug product including pertinent animal and other laboratory data,
demonstrated or potential adverse effects of the drug, including clinically
significant potential adverse effects of administration of the drug
contemporaneously with the administration of other drugs and other related
drugs. A section is included describing the statistical controlled clinical
study and the documentation and supporting statistical analysis used in
evaluating the controlled clinical studies.

         Another section of the NDA describes the data concerning the action of
a drug in the human body over a period of time and data concerning the extent of
drug absorption in the human body or information supporting a waiver of the
submission of such data. Also included in the NDA is a section describing the
composition, manufacture and specification of the drug substance including the
following: a full description of the drug substance, its physical and chemical
characteristics; its stability; the process controls used during manufacture and
packaging; and such specifications and analytical methods as are necessary to
assure the identity, strength, quality and purity of the drug substance as well
as the availability of the drug products made from the substance. NDA's contain
lists of all components used in the manufacture of the drug product and a
statement of the specifications and analytical methods for each component. Also
included are studies of the toxicological actions of the drug as they relate to
the drug's intended uses.



                                       3
<PAGE>   6

         The data in the NDA must establish that the drug has been shown to be
safe for use under its proposed labeling conditions and that there is
substantial evidence that the drug is effective for its proposed use(s).
Substantial evidence is defined by statute and FDA regulation to mean evidence
consisting of adequate and well-controlled investigations, including clinical
investigations by experts qualified by scientific training and experience, to
evaluate the effectiveness of the drug involved.

         On September 20, 1984, Bernard Friedland, our former President and
current Chairman of the Board, as sponsor, submitted to the FDA an IND to
conduct a study testing the effectiveness of Product R on human subjects with
AIDS, as well as certain other viruses. The FDA has issued four letters of
deficiency with regard to the IND. In a letter dated November 29, 1984, the FDA
indicated, among other deficiencies noted, that the publications submitted with
the IND and relating to the effectiveness of Product R on virus related diseases
will not be accepted in support of the safety of Product R unless we could
establish that the proposed formulation of Product R is the same as the
formulation of Product R referenced in those publications. In addition, the FDA
required, among other things, that an IND application include relevant
information on the chemistry, laboratory and animal controls to assure the
integrity of the dosage form and that safety information be provided for the
initial study proposed to be conducted on humans. The FDA also required that the
information assure the proper identification, quality, purity and strength of
Product R and a description of the physical, chemical and microbiological
characteristics of Product R. On September 11, 1987, we received a further
deficiency letter from the FDA, stating that no data had been submitted
supporting IN VITRO anti-HIV activity or any criterion for a biological response
modifier.

         On March 6, 1992, we submitted an amendment to the IND which attempted
to address the FDA's concerns. In response to the March 1992 submission, we
received a third deficiency letter from the FDA dated July 27, 1992, which
provided detailed comments with respect to chemistry, toxicology, microbiology
and clinical areas requiring further studies and action on our part. In June
1995, we received further correspondence from the FDA which stated, among other
things, that our prior submissions to the FDA did not provide an adequate
response to the FDA's earlier request for preclinical information and
accordingly our IND was "inactivated."

         We have not formally responded to the 1992 deficiency letters or the
1995 deficiency letter, nor have any of the studies cited in those letters been
undertaken. In February 1998, we contracted with GloboMax LLC of Hanover,
Maryland to advise and assist us in our preparation of a new IND to be filed
with the FDA, and to otherwise guide us through the FDA process with the
objective of obtaining full approval for Product R in the United States. During
the year ended December 31, 2000, GloboMax continued its project management
services for the pre-clinical development and IND submission of Product R to the
FDA, the development of standard operating procedures and validation protocol
for the preparation and manufacture of Product R. Expenses paid during 2000
relating to the GloboMax agreement were approximately $1,250,000. Pursuant to
the agreement with GloboMax, we are obligated to pay for services on an hourly
basis, at prescribed rates.

         We currently do not have the resources necessary to complete the FDA
approval process. We may allocate certain proceeds from the exercise of
currently outstanding options and warrants for the purpose of filing a new IND
with the FDA, however, such proceeds, if any, will not be sufficient to improve
our financial condition to any great degree. It is possible that the



                                       4
<PAGE>   7

new IND for clinical tests of Product R on humans, if submitted, will not be
approved by the FDA for human clinical trials on AIDS or other diseases, and
that any tests previously conducted or to be conducted will not satisfy FDA
requirements. It is also possible that the results of such human clinical
trials, if performed, will not prove that Product R is safe or effective in the
treatment of AIDS or other diseases, or that the FDA will not approve the sale
of Product R in the United States if we submitted a proper NDA. It is not known
at this time how extensive the phase II and phase III clinical trials will be,
if they are conducted. The data generated may not show that the drug Product R
is safe and effective, and even if the data shows that Product R is safe and
effective, obtaining approval of the NDA could take years and require financing
of amounts not presently available to us.

         In connection with our activities outside the United States, we are
also subject to regulatory requirements governing the testing, approval,
manufacture, labeling, marketing and sale of pharmaceutical and diagnostic
products, which requirements vary from country to country. Government regulation
in certain countries may delay marketing of Product R for a considerable period
of time and impose costly procedures upon our activities. The extent of
potentially adverse government regulations which might arise from future
legislation or administrative action cannot be predicted. Whether or not FDA
approval has been obtained for a product, approval of the product by comparable
regulatory authorities of foreign countries must be obtained prior to marketing
the product in those countries. The approval process may be more or less
rigorous from country to country, and the time required for approval may be
longer or shorter than that required in the United States. Clinical studies
conducted outside of any country may not be accepted by such country, and the
approval of any pharmaceutical or diagnostic product in one country does not
assure that such product will be approved in another country. Accordingly, until
registration is granted, if ever, in the United States or another developed or
developing country, we do not expect that we will be able to generate material
sales revenue. We received a grant of authority from the Bahamian Port
Authority, an authorized division of the Bahamian Government, on October 15,
1992 confirming the right of our subsidiary, Advance Viral Research, Ltd., a
Bahamian corporation, to carry on the manufacture and export sale of ethical
pharmaceutical products. See "--Marketing And Sales."

RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND TESTING

         For the period from inception (February 20, 1984) through December 31,
2000 we expended approximately $8,725,000 on testing and research and
development activities either in our laboratories or pursuant to various testing
agreements with both domestic and foreign companies. In 1996, we retained Shalom
Z. Hirschman, M.D. as our Chief Executive Officer and President. Dr. Hirschman
established our research facility in Yonkers, New York, planned and monitored
the testing of Product R and recently performed analyses of Product R with our
scientific personnel, which analyses we believe may be used in connection with
the FDA approval process. We currently are funding research and testing to:

          o       determine the safety of the topical use of Product R on
                  animals and cultured human cells;

          o       assess the effectiveness of the topical application of Product
                  R on HPV and certain cancer causing proteins of HPV. Recent
                  laboratory testing has indicated that Product R inhibits the
                  expression of the E-7 protein of HPV which causes cervical
                  cancer;




                                       5
<PAGE>   8

          o       study the effects of Product R in inhibiting the mutation of
                  the AIDS virus in humans;

          o       assess the effectiveness of the topical application of Product
                  R for the treatment of persons diagnosed with herpes
                  labialis/genital infections;

          o       compare the results of treatment of persons diagnosed with
                  AIDS taking a multi-drug cocktail (highly active
                  anti-retroviral therapy, HAART) and Product R with those
                  taking a multi-drug cocktail and a placebo;

          o       determine the effectiveness of Product R for the treatment of
                  rheumatoid arthritis in humans;

          o       study the effects of Product R in inhibiting the production of
                  key cellular receptors for HIV (CCR5 and CXCR4 receptors). The
                  CCR5 and CXCR4 receptors are two of the cell receptors used by
                  the AIDS virus, HIV, to attach to its target cell and initiate
                  infection;

          o       assess the effectiveness in inhibiting the replication of
                  adenovirus in cell culture;

          o       study the effects of Product R in mitigating the toxic effects
                  of other drugs used to treat HIV infections, such as
                  nucleoside analogues, protease inhibitors and non-nucleoside
                  reverse transcriptase inhibitors;

          o       study the effects of Product R in mitigating the toxic effects
                  of drugs used in the chemotherapy of cancers; and

          o       assess the direct inhibitory and therapeutic effects of
                  Product R on neoplasias, including lymphomas and lymphocytic
                  leukemia.

         On January 29, 2001, we entered into a 12-month agreement with The
Weizmann Institute of Science and Yeda, its developmental arm, in Israel to
conduct research on the effects of Product R on the immune system , especially
on T lymphocytes. Experiments will include the impact of Product R on T cell
proliferation, migration, adhesion and cytokine secretion. In addition,
scientists will explore the effects of Product R on adjuvant arthritis. The cost
of this research is approximately $120,000 which will be funded from our current
cash position.

         On April 2, 2001, we entered into a 12-month agreement with The
Selikoff Center in Israel to develop clinical trials in Israel using Product R.
It is anticipated that these trials will support the United States FDA
application under the aegis of GloboMax LLC. The Center will begin with clinical
trials using Product R to mitigate the toxic effects of chemotherapy in patients
with advanced stage cancer and develop further clinical trials using Product R
to treat other diseases as well. These trials will be conducted at
world-renowned hospitals throughout Israel. The cost of the first phase of this
research is approximately $250,000 which will be funded from our current cash
position.



                                       6
<PAGE>   9

         Our studies detailing the results of the above research and testing may
not positively impact the FDA's decision to approve a new IND for Product R or
approve the marketing, sales or distribution of Product R within the United
States, and as a result may not improve our chances of gaining approval for the
marketing, sales or distribution of Product R anywhere in the world.

PATENTS

         We believe that patent protection and trade secret protection are
important to our business and that our future will depend, in part, on our
ability to maintain trade secret protection, obtain patents and operate without
infringing the proprietary rights of others both in the United States and
abroad. We have currently pending 15 patent applications with the United States
Patent and Trademark Office (the "PTO") relating to Product R and 17 foreign
patent applications. In the United States, we have two patents allowed and three
have been issued by the PTO. As patent applications in the United States are
maintained in secrecy until patents issue and as publication of discoveries in
the scientific or patent literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, we
cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions covered by each
of our pending patent applications or that we were the first to file patent
applications for such inventions. Furthermore, the patent positions of
biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies are highly uncertain and involve
complex legal and factual questions, and, therefore, the breadth of claims
allowed in biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents or their enforceability
cannot be predicted. We cannot be sure that any additional patents will issue
from any of our patent applications or, should any patents issue, that we will
be provided with adequate protection against potentially competitive products.
Furthermore, we cannot be sure that should patents issue, they will be of
commercial value to us, or that private parties, including competitors, will not
successfully challenge our patents or circumvent our patent position in the
United States or abroad. See "Business - Legal Proceedings."

         In the absence of adequate patent protection, our business may be
adversely affected by competitors who develop comparable technology or products.
Moreover, pursuant to the terms of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act, patents
filed on or after June 8, 1995 have a term of twenty years from the date of such
filing, irrespective of the period of time it may take for such patent to
ultimately issue. This may shorten the period of patent protection afforded to
our products as patent applications in the biopharmaceutical sector often take
considerable time to issue. Under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term
Restoration Act of 1984 (the "Patent Act"), a sponsor may obtain marketing
exclusivity for a period of time following FDA approval of certain drug
applications, regardless of patent status, if the drug is a new chemical entity
or if new clinical studies were used to support the marketing application for
the drug. Pursuant to the FDA Modernization Act of 1997, the period of
exclusivity can be extended if the applicant performs certain studies in
pediatric patients. This marketing exclusivity prevents a third party from
obtaining FDA approval for a similar or identical drug under an Abbreviated New
Drug Application ("ANDA") or a "505(b)(2)" New Drug Application. The statute
also allows a patent owner to obtain an extension of applicable patent terms for
a period equal to one-half the period of time elapsed between the filing of an
IND and the filing of the corresponding NDA plus the period of time between the
filing of the NDA and FDA approval, with a five year maximum patent extension.
We cannot be sure that we will be able to take advantage of either the patent
term extension or marketing exclusivity provisions of this law.



                                       7
<PAGE>   10

         In order to protect the confidentiality of our technology, including
trade secrets and know-how and other proprietary technical and business
information, we require all of our employees, consultants, advisors and
collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements that prohibit the use or
disclosure of information that is deemed confidential. The agreements also
oblige our employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators to assign to us
developments, discoveries and inventions made by such persons in connection with
their work with us. We cannot be sure that confidentiality will be maintained or
disclosure prevented by these agreements or that our proprietary information or
intellectual property will be protected thereby or that others will not
independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or
intellectual property.

         The pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive and patents have been
applied for by, and issued to, other parties relating to products competitive
with Product R. Therefore, Product R and any other drug candidates may give rise
to claims that they infringe the patents or proprietary rights of other parties
existing now and in the future. Furthermore, to the extent that we or our
consultants or research collaborators use intellectual property owned by others
in work performed for us, disputes may also arise as to the rights in such
intellectual property or in related or resulting know-how and inventions. An
adverse claim could subject us to significant liabilities to such other parties
and/or require disputed rights to be licensed from such other parties. We cannot
be sure that any license required under any such patents or proprietary rights
would be made available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we do not
obtain such licenses, we may encounter delays in product market introductions,
or may find that the development, manufacture or sale of products requiring such
licenses may be precluded. In addition, we could incur substantial costs in
defending ourselves in legal proceedings instituted before the PTO or in a suit
brought against it by a private party based on such patents or proprietary
rights, or in suits by us asserting our patent or proprietary rights against
another party, even if the outcome is not adverse to us. There are extensions
available under the Patent Act if the delay in prosecution of the patent
application results from a delay in the PTO's handling of any interference or
appeal involving the application. We have not conducted any searches or made any
independent investigations of the existence of any patents or proprietary rights
of other parties.

EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT AGREEMENT

         On February 9, 2001, we signed a private equity line of credit
agreement with Cornell Capital Partners, LP. Pursuant to this equity line of
credit agreement and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, ADVR may
sell and issue to Cornell Capital, from time to time, up to an aggregate of
$50,000,000 of our common stock. Beginning on February 14, 2001,  the date that
the registration statement covering the resale of the shares issuable pursuant
to the equity line of credit was declared effective by the Commission, and
continuing for thirty (30) months thereafter, we may, from time to time, in our
sole discretion, sell or "put" shares of our common stock to Cornell Capital at
a price equal to 95% of the market price of the common stock. Under the equity
line of credit agreement, the market price of ADVR common stock, for purposes of
determining the purchase price, is the average of the three lowest closing bid
prices, as reported by Bloomberg, L.P., of our common stock for the 25 trading
day period ending on the date we notify Cornell Capital of our intention to put
common stock to it, or, in other words, request an advance.

         The maximum advance amount on any advance notice date is equal to the
product of 150% times the 40 day average daily volume traded for the 40 trading
days preceding the advance notice date. The 40 day average volume traded is
equal to the bid price multiplied by




                                       8
<PAGE>   11

the volume for each of the 40 trading days preceding the advance notice date as
reported by Bloomberg, L.P.

         Our ability to put shares of common stock to Cornell Capital is subject
to certain conditions and limitations, including, but not limited to, the
following:

         o        the closing bid price of the common stock on the advance
                  notice date shall not be less than the average of the three
                  lowest closing bid prices of our common stock for the 25
                  trading day period ending on the date we request an advance.

         o        the registration statement covering the resale of the shares
                  must have previously become effective and shall remain
                  effective and available for making resales of the put shares;

         o        our representations and warranties contained in the equity
                  line of credit agreement must be accurate as of the date of
                  each put;

         o        we must have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects
                  with all covenants, agreements and conditions required to be
                  performed, satisfied or complied with at or prior to the date
                  of each put;

         o        we must have obtained all permits and qualifications required
                  by any applicable state in accordance with the registration
                  rights agreement for the offer and sale of the put shares, or
                  shall have the availability of exemptions therefrom. The sale
                  and issuance of the put shares must be legally permitted by
                  all laws and regulations to which we are subject;

         o        no statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling,
                  or injunction may be in effect which prohibits or directly and
                  adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by the
                  equity line of credit agreement;

         o        at the time of an advance, there must not have been any
                  material adverse change in our business, operations,
                  properties, prospects, or financial condition since the date
                  of filing of our most recent report with the SEC;

         o        our common stock must not have been delisted from the Bulletin
                  Board or suspended from trading by the SEC or the Bulletin
                  Board; and we must not have received any notice threatening
                  the continued listing of our common stock on the Bulletin
                  Board;

         o        at least 13 trading days must have elapsed since the last date
                  we put shares to Cornell Capital; and

         o        no advance date shall be less than 12 trading days after an
                  advance notice date.

         We cannot assure you that we will satisfy all of the conditions
required under the equity line of credit agreement or that Cornell Capital will
have the ability to purchase all or any of the shares of common stock put to it
thereunder.



                                       9
<PAGE>   12

         Under the equity line of credit agreement, we agreed to register the
common stock for resale by Cornell Capital, which will permit Cornell Capital to
resell the common stock from time to time in the open market or in
privately-negotiated transactions. We will prepare the registration statement
and file amendments and supplements thereto as may be necessary in order to keep
it effective as long as the equity line of credit agreement remains in effect or
Cornell Capital owns any of our common stock. We have agreed to bear certain
expenses, other than broker discounts and commissions, if any, in connection
with the preparation and filing of the registration statement and any amendments
to it.

         In addition, pursuant to the equity line of credit agreement, each
officer, director and affiliate of ADVR has agreed that he, she or it will not,
directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of Cornell Capital,
issue, offer, agree or offer to sell, sell, grant an option for the purchase or
sale of, transfer, pledge, assign, hypothecate, distribute or otherwise encumber
or dispose of any shares of common stock, including options, rights, warrants or
other securities underlying, convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for
or evidencing any right to purchase or subscribe for any common stock (whether
or not beneficially owned by the undersigned), or any beneficial interest
therein for a period of 10 trading days following the receipt of an advance
notice by ADVR pursuant to the agreement.

         In conjunction with the equity line of credit agreement, we entered
into an agreement with May Davis Group, Inc., our placement agent. May Davis
assisted ADVR in negotiating the equity line of credit agreement. As a placement
fee, we issued to May Davis and certain other investors Class A Warrants to
purchase 5,000,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price per share
equal to $1.00, exercisable in part or in whole at any time until February 9,
2006, and Class B Warrants to purchase in the aggregate 5,000,000 shares of our
common stock at an exercise price equal to the greater of $1.00 or 110% of the
bid price of the common stock on the applicable advance date under the private
equity line of credit agreement. Each Class B Warrant is exercisable pro rata on
or after each advance date with respect to that number of warrant shares equal
to the product obtained by multiplying 5,000,000 by a fraction, the numerator of
which is the amount of the advance payable on the applicable advance date and
the denominator of which is $20,000,000, until sixty months from the date of
issuance.

         We may redeem the warrants at a redemption price of $0.01 per share
provided that the bid price for our common stock equals at least $4.00 per share
for a period of ten (10) consecutive trading days, as described therein. The
warrants contain provisions that adjust the purchase price and number of shares
issuable upon the occurrence of certain events, such as a stock split, reverse
stock split, stock dividend, merger, or recapitalization. Assuming the
registration statement covering the shares underlying the warrants and the
equity line of credit is not suspended, the holder may effect a cashless
exercise of the warrant commencing with the first advance date. There are also
entitled to certain "piggyback" registration rights with respect to the shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants pursuant to a
registration rights agreement.



                                       10
<PAGE>   13

MARKETING AND SALES

         Except for limited sales of Product R for testing and other purposes,
Product R is not sold commercially anywhere in the world. As of the date of this
report, our efforts or the efforts of our representatives have produced no
material benefits to us regarding our ability to have Product R sold
commercially anywhere in the world. We have entered into exclusive distribution
agreements with five separate entities granting exclusive rights to distribute
Product R in the countries of China, Japan, Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, Mexico,
Channel Islands, Isle of Man, British West Indies, Jamaica, Haiti, Bermuda,
Belize, Saudi Arabia, Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay, Brazil and Chile.
Pursuant to these agreements, the distributors are obligated to cause Product R
to be approved for commercial sale in such countries and upon such approval, to
purchase from us certain minimum quantities of Product R to maintain the
exclusive distribution rights. Our marketing plans for Product R are still
dependent upon registration of Product R for sale in various jurisdictions where
our distributors are seeking approvals.

         To date we have received no information that would lead us to believe
that we will be positioned to sell Product R commercially anywhere in the world
in the immediate future, and it is possible that none of our distributors will
ever secure registration of Product R. The only application for registration of
Product R which has been filed as of the date hereof is an application
requesting that Product R be permitted to be sold in Argentina, which was filed
in March 1998. In this March 1998 filing, DCT, S.R.L., our distribution agent in
Argentina, received an investigational new drug identification number from the
National Administration for Drug, Food and Medical Technology in Argentina, or
ANMAT. This allowed DCT to begin pre-clinical studies on our behalf with Product
R which have since been concluded. In February 2000, DCT received approval from
the ANMAT to proceed with Phase I clinical trials in Argentina for Product R. We
are currently evaluating the costs and time necessary to complete Phase I
clinical trials in Argentina. DCT must apply for approval from the ANMAT to
proceed with Phases II and III clinical trials before Product R is approved for
sale in Argentina. The costs and time necessary to complete such trials cannot
be predicted at this time. GloboMax Americas has been retained to review the
application and status of Product R in Argentina. Based upon recommendations
received from GloboMax Americas, we will decide how to proceed further in
Argentina.

         We initially targeted our sales and marketing efforts to those
countries where Product R was previously marketed by its prior owners for a
number of years as an anti-viral agent in the treatment of Asian influenza,
viral pneumonia, viral infectious hepatitis, mumps, encephalitis, herpes simplex
and herpes zoster. Those countries included Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia,
Taiwan, the Philippines and Malta. Registration of Product R will be required in
such countries as well as in the other countries comprising the distributors'
territories before any significant sales may begin. The registration of Product
R for sale in these countries has been frustrated due to our inability to obtain
the registration and approval to sell Product R in the Bahamas, the country of
origin, and a general lack of published data on the effectiveness of Product R.
Until Product R is registered and approved for sale in the United States, in
another developed country or in the other countries included in the
distributors' territories, we will not generate any material sales of Product R.
For the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, we reported no commercial
sales except limited sales for testing purposes. Product R is not legally
available for commercial sale anywhere in the world, except for testing
purposes. See "--Research, Development and Testing."



                                       11
<PAGE>   14

         By letter dated February 13, 1996, our subsidiary in the Bahamas,
Advance Viral Research, Ltd., was notified that the National Economic Council of
the Bahamas had refused our subsidiary's request for a "free sales certificate"
for Product R. A free sales certificate is a document typically issued by a
country in which a pharmaceutical product is manufactured which certifies that
such country permits the "free sale" of such product in such country. Most
countries require that, before allowing the registration of a pharmaceutical
product for use in that country, it must at least be registered and certified
for free sale in the country in which it is manufactured. However, the Bahamas
has no procedures currently in place to issue a free sales certificate for any
therapeutic drug, including Product R. If we do not obtain a free sales
certificate or other equivalent document from the Bahamas or another country, or
if we do not receive FDA approval, it is possible that we will not be able to
meet registration requirements in the countries which require that a
pharmaceutical product be at least registered and certified for free sale in the
country in which it is manufactured. We are exploring the possibility of
manufacturing Product R in Argentina, where we are seeking regulatory approval
and therefore may not need a free sale certificate for Argentina.

         We are currently reconfiguring our Yonkers, New York research
facilities to produce clinical trial batches and manufacture Product R under
current Good Manufacturing Procedures (cGMP) as set forth by the United States
Food & Drug Administration if and when the FDA approves Product R for
distribution and sale in the United States.

COMPETITION

         The pharmaceutical drug industry is highly competitive and rapidly
changing. If we ever successfully develop Product R, it will compete with
numerous existing therapies. In addition, many companies are pursuing novel
drugs that target the same diseases we are targeting with Product R. We believe
that a significant number of drugs are currently under development and will
become available in the future for the treatment of HIV, HPV, hepatitis and
other viruses. We anticipate that we will face intense and increasing
competition as new products enter the market and advanced technologies become
available. Our competitors' products may be more effective, or more effectively
marketed and sold, than Product R. Competitive products may render Product R
obsolete or noncompetitive before we can recover the expenses of developing and
commercializing Product R. Furthermore, the development of a cure or new
treatment methods for the diseases we are targeting could render Product R
noncompetitive, obsolete or uneconomical. Many of our competitors:

         o        have significantly greater financial, technical and human
                  resources than we have and may be better equipped to develop,
                  manufacture and market products;

         o        have extensive experience in preclinical testing and clinical
                  trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and
                  marketing pharmaceutical products; and

         o        have products that have been approved or are in late stage
                  development and operate large, well-funded research and
                  development programs.

         A number of therapeutics are currently marketed or are in advanced
stages of clinical development for the treatment of HIV infection and AIDS,
including several products currently marketed as part of a "cocktail" in the
United States. We believe Product R should be added to such cocktails in order
to enhance their effectiveness and mitigate the toxic effects of other drugs




                                       12
<PAGE>   15

used to treat HIV infections. Among the companies with significant commercial
presence in the AIDS market are Glaxo SmithKline, Bristol-Myers Squibb,
Hoffmann-La Roche, Agouron Pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co. and DuPont Pharma. In
addition, Glaxo SmithKline, in collaboration with Biochem Pharma, is pursuing
development of Lamivudine, a nucleoside analogue to treat hepatitis B infection.
This compound was recently approved for marketing in the United States, China
and several other countries and represents significant potential competition for
Product R as a treatment for hepatitis B.

         Several therapeutics are currently marketed or are in advanced stages
of clinical development for the treatment of HPV. Schering Plough Corp.
manufactures Intron A, an injectable interferon product approved by the FDA for
the treatment of HPV. 3M Pharmaceuticals received FDA approval for its
immune-response modifier, Aldara(R), a self-administered topical cream, for the
treatment of HPV. Product R, if approved for commercial sale by the FDA, would
also compete with surgical, chemical, and other methods of treating HPV.
Products developed by our competitors or advances in other methods of the
treatment of HPV may have a negative impact on the commercial viability of
Product R.

         Several products are currently marketed or are in advanced stages of
clinical development for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Immunex Corp.'s
product Enbrel, a biologic response modifier, was approved by the FDA in
November 1998 for the treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis.
Centocor Inc. is developing a monoclonal antibody known as Remicade, an
anti-inflammatory agent that has completed phase III trials in rheumatoid
arthritis. The FDA approved Remicade for treatment of Crohn's disease in August
1998. Centocor filed for FDA approval of an expanded indication for Remicade for
rheumatoid arthritis in January 1999. These products represent significant
competition for Product R as a treatment for rheumatoid arthritis.

         Three antiviral products are presently sold in the United States for
the treatment of recurrent genital herpes: Zovirax(R) (manufactured by Glaxo
SmithKline) which contains acyclovir and is administered orally, topically, or
intravenously, Famvir(R) (manufactured by SmithKline Beecham Pharmaceuticals)
which contains famcyclovir and is administered orally, and Valtrex(R)
(manufactured by Glaxo SmithKline) which contains valacyclovir and is also
administered orally. These products represent significant competition for
Product R as a treatment for genital herpes.

         Other small companies may also prove to be significant competitors,
particularly through collaborative arrangements with large pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies. Academic institutions, governmental agencies and other
public and private research organizations are also becoming increasingly aware
of the commercial value of their inventions and are more actively seeking to
commercialize the technology they have developed.

         If we successfully develop and obtain approval for Product R, we will
face competition based on the safety and effectiveness of Product R, the timing
and scope of regulatory approvals, the availability of supply, marketing and
sales capability, reimbursement coverage, price, patent position and other
factors. Our competitors may develop or commercialize more effective or more
affordable products, or obtain more effective patent protection, than we do.
Accordingly, our competitors may commercialize products more rapidly or
effectively than we do, which could hurt our competitive position and adversely
affect our business. If and when we obtain FDA approval for Product R, we expect
to compete primarily on the basis of product



                                       13
<PAGE>   16
performance and price with a number of pharmaceutical companies, both in the
United States and abroad.

EMPLOYEES

         We have 35 full-time employees, consisting of our 4 executive officers,
23 employees involved in research, and 8 administrative employees. Dr.
Hirschman, our President and Chief Executive Officer and a director, Bernard
Friedland, our Chairman of the Board and a director, William Bregman, our
Secretary, Treasurer and a director, and Alan V. Gallantar, our Chief Financial
Officer, each devote all of their business time to our day-to-day business
operations. Additionally, we may hire, as and when needed, and as available,
such sales and technical support staff and consultants for specific projects on
a contract basis. See "Management --Employment Contracts, Termination of
Employment and Change-in-Control Arrangements."


ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY

         We lease approximately 16,650 square feet for executive offices,
including research laboratory space, at 200 Corporate Boulevard South, Yonkers,
New York from an unaffiliated third party (the "Yonkers Lease"). The term of the
Yonkers Lease is five years through April 2005 and our annual rental obligation
under the Yonkers Lease is approximately $260,000.

         We currently maintain corporate offices at 1250 East Hallandale Beach
Boulevard, Hallandale, Florida 33009, pursuant to a three-year lease agreement
with three one-year extentions, at approximately $18,000 annually. The Bahamian
manufacturing facility, which was acquired on December 16, 1987, is located in
Freeport, Bahamas and consists of a 29,242 square foot site containing a
one-story concrete building of approximately 7,300 square feet and is equipped
for all phases of the testing, production, and packaging of Product R. The
Bahamian facility is currently being used to store and produce inventory for
testing purposes.


ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         In June 2000, ADVR filed an action and complaint in the Supreme Court
of New York, Westchester County, against Commonwealth Pharmaceuticals, Ltd.,
Immune Modulation Maximum Corp. ("IMMC") and Charles E. Miller (collectively,
the "Defendants") alleging a breach by Commonwealth of an exclusive distribution
agreement between ADVR and Commonwealth, misappropriation of trade secrets and
confidential information, conversion and conspiracy to convert ADVR's property
interests in Reticulose. ADVR further alleged that Defendant Miller filed and
obtained a U.S. patent entitled "Composition Containing Peptides and Nucleic
Acids and Methods of Making Same" based on a study conducted by a third party
using Reticulose, and that such patent was assigned to Defendant IMMC, a company
controlled by Defendant Miller, in violation of the exclusive distribution
agreement.

         In its complaint, ADVR seeks relief in the form of (i) assignment of
the patent to ADVR, (ii) adjudgment that Defendants breached, misappropriated,
converted and conspired to convert ADVR's property rights, (iii) damages,
profits realized and interest thereon; and (iv) attorneys' fees, costs and
expenses. In response, on August 3, 2000, Defendants filed a Motion to Dismiss





                                       14
<PAGE>   17

the Complaint alleging lack of personal jurisdiction or, in the alternative,
that the agreement underlying ADVR's claim is legally inoperative.

         In August 2000, the Defendants other than Miller, filed a suit against
ADVR in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan
which alleges that IMMC, and not ADVR, is the owner of the exclusive/broad
rights in Reticulose, and seeks, among other things: (i) a declaratory judgment
that Defendant IMMC is the exclusive owner of the broad/exclusive rights to
Reticulose and the subject patent; (ii) an injunction against ADVR from further
attempts to use, market or assert any claims of ownership over any
broad/exclusive rights in Reticulose, or the use, publication or disclosure of
information regarding Reticulose; (iii) return of such information to the
Defendants; (iv) that ADVR assign any Reticulose-related trademarks to IMMC and
(v) that ADVR pay Defendants damages, profits, costs and attorneys' fees. ADVR
was served with a copy of the Complaint on August 8, 2000.

         In January 2001, ADVR and Commonwealth, et al. agreed to dismiss the
case in New York without prejudice. All disputes between the parties are now
handled by the District Court of Michigan. At this point, we have answered the
complaint against us in the Federal Court and have entered a number of
counterclaims which are in substance the same as our claims in the New York
case.

         ADVR believes that the allegations contained in the Defendants'
complaint are without merit and ADVR intends to vigorously defend itself against
all allegations contained therein.


ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         During the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2000, no
matters were submitted to a vote of security holders of ADVR.




                                       15
<PAGE>   18


                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

COMMON STOCK

         The principal United States market in which our common stock is traded
is the over-the-counter market electronic Bulletin Board. The following table
shows the range of reported low bid and high bid per share quotations for our
common stock for each full quarterly period during the two recent years ended
December 31, 1999 and 2000, and for the first quarter of 2001. The high and low
bid prices for the periods indicated reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail
mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions.

                                                       LOW BID     HIGH BID
                                                       -------     --------
First Quarter 1999 ..........................           0.175       0.35
Second Quarter 1999 .........................           0.202       0.322
Third Quarter 1999 ..........................           0.1875      0.2344
Fourth Quarter 1999 .........................           0.19        0.27

First Quarter 2000 ..........................           0.185       1.40
Second Quarter 2000 .........................           0.33        0.61
Third Quarter 2000 ..........................           0.445       0.648
Fourth Quarter 2000 .........................           0.26        0.45

First Quarter 2001 (through March 21) .......           0.285       0.41

STOCKHOLDERS

         The approximate number of holders of record of the Common stock as of
the date of this report is 2,821 inclusive of those brokerage firms and/or
clearing houses holding shares of common stock for their clientele (with each
such brokerage house and/or clearing house being considered as one holder).

DIVIDEND POLICY

We have not declared or paid any dividends on our shares of common stock. We
intend to retain future earnings, if any, that may be generated from our
operations to finance our future operations and expansion and do not plan for
the reasonably foreseeable future to pay dividends to holders of our common
stock. Any decision as to the future payment of dividends will depend on our
results of operations and financial position and such other factors as our board
of directors in its discretion deems relevant.




                                       16
<PAGE>   19

ITEM 6.           SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

         The following selected historical financial data as of and for the
years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, 1998, 1997 and 1996 have been derived from
our audited financial statements. The selected consolidated financial data set
forth below should be read along with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the financial statements and
notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.


                      SELECTED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     2000              1999              1998              1997              1996
                                  -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------
<S>                               <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
Revenues                          $     8,363       $    10,953       $       656       $     2,278       $    24,111
                                  -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------

Costs and Expenses:
 Research and development           3,192,551         1,948,937         1,659,456           817,603           255,660
 General and administrative         2,621,542         1,831,061         1,420,427         1,681,436           983,256
 Compensation expense               1,901,927           210,144                --                --                --
 Depreciation                         362,392           230,785           110,120            26,288            18,731
                                  -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------
                                    8,078,412         4,220,927         3,190,003         2,525,327         1,257,647
                                  -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------

Loss from Operations               (8,070,049)       (4,209,974)       (3,189,347)       (2,523,049)       (1,233,536)
                                  -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------

Other Income (Expense):
 Interest income                      162,077            42,744           102,043           111,845            46,796
 Other income                              --                --               293             7,800            32,000
 Interest expense                  (1,446,692)       (2,007,032)       (1,470,699)       (1,738,325)               --
                                  -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------
                                   (1,284,615)       (1,964,288)       (1,368,363)       (1,618,680)           78,796
                                  -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------

Net Loss                          $(9,354,664)      $(6,174,262)      $(4,557,710)      $(4,141,729)      $(1,154,740)
                                  -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------

Net Loss Per Share of Common
 Stock - Basic and Diluted        $     (0.03)      $     (0.02)      $     (0.02)      $     (0.02)      $     (0.00)
                                  -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------       -----------

</TABLE>




                                       17
<PAGE>   20


                           SELECTED BALANCE SHEET DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              AT DECEMBER 31
                                           -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                2000              1999              1998              1997              1996
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
<S>                                        <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
ASSETS
Current Assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents                 $   5,962,633     $     836,876     $     924,420     $     236,059     $      61,396
 Investments                                          --                --           821,047         2,984,902         1,378,841
 Inventory                                        19,729            19,729            19,729            19,729            19,729
 Other current assets                             34,804            59,734            29,818            20,240            16,081
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
 Total current assets                          6,017,166           916,339         1,795,014         3,260,930         1,476,047

Property and Equipment, Net                    1,944,199         1,375,923         1,049,593           485,661           207,209

Other Assets                                     847,349           569,312           460,346           443,251            33,544
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
 Total assets                              $   8,808,714     $   2,861,574     $   3,304,953     $   4,189,842     $   1,716,800
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)
  Current Liabilities:
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  $     902,961     $     728,872     $     279,024     $     375,606     $      54,474
 Current portion of capital lease                 58,690            50,315     $      38,335                --                --
  obligation
 Current portion of note payable                  21,517            19,095                --                --                --
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
 Total current liabilities                       983,168           798,282           317,359           375,606            54,474
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------

Long-Term Debt:
 Convertible debentures, net                          --         4,446,629         1,457,919         2,384,793                --
 Capital lease obligation - long term            106,567           152,059           167,380                --                --
  portion
 Note payable - long term portion                 56,446            77,964                --                --                --
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
Total long-term debt                             163,013         4,676,652         1,625,299         2,384,793                --
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
Deposit on Securities Purchase Agreement              --                --           600,000                --                --

Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency):
 Common stock; 1,000,000,000 shares of
   $.00001 par value authorized,
   380,214,618 and 303,472,035 shares
   issued and outstanding                          3,802             3,034             2,964             2,779             2,671
 Additional paid-in capital                   39,969,373        17,537,333        14,325,076        10,512,767         7,003,351
 Subscription receivable                              --                --           (19,000)          (19,000)
 Deficit accumulated during development
 stage                                       (29,079,902)      (19,725,238)      (13,550,976)       (8,993,266)       (4,851,537)
 Deferred compensation cost                      (14,769)          (73,837)         (473,159)
 Discount on warrants                         (3,230,740)         (428,489)               --                --                --
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------

 Total stockholders' equity (deficiency)       7,662,533        (2,613,360)          762,295         1,429,443         1,662,326
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------

 Total liabilities and stockholders'       $   8,808,714     $   2,861,574     $   3,304,953     $   4,189,842     $   1,716,800
   equity (deficiency)

 Shares outstanding at period end            380,214,618       303,472,035       296,422,907       277,962,574       267,031,058
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------


</TABLE>

----------

See notes to consolidated financial statements.





                                       18
<PAGE>   21

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

         THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF THE RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND THE FINANCIAL
CONDITION OF ADVR SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH ADVR'S CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES THERETO INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT.

OVERVIEW

         Since our inception in July 1985, ADVR has been engaged primarily in
research and development activities. We have not yet generated significant
operating revenues, and as of December 31, 2000 we had incurred a cumulative net
loss of $29,079,902. Our ability to generate substantial operating revenue
depends upon our success in gaining FDA approval for the commercial use and
distribution of Product R. All of our research and development efforts have been
devoted to the development of Product R.

         In order to commence clinical trials for regulatory approval of Product
R in the United States, we must submit an IND with the FDA. Filings with foreign
regulatory agencies are required for clinical trials outside the United States.
We have contracted with GloboMax LLC of Hanover, Maryland to assist us in our
preparation and filing of the IND with the FDA, and to otherwise assist us
through the FDA process with the objective of obtaining full approval for the
manufacture and commercial distribution of Product R in the United States. The
IND will seek approval to conduct a study testing the effectiveness of Product R
on human subjects with AIDS and other diseases. In the IND we intend to include,
among other things:

         o        information on chemistry, laboratory and animal controls;

         o        safety information for the initial study proposed to be
                  conducted on humans; and

         o        information assuring the identification, quality and purity of
                  Product R and a description of the physical, chemical and
                  microbiological characteristics of Product R.

         We believe that the IND will demonstrate the low rate of adverse
reactions occurring in the use of Product R as a treatment of AIDS and other
diseases, however, it is impossible to determine if or how much of the data from
any ongoing studies will be considered useful by the FDA in considering the IND
application, if it is ever filed. FDA approval to begin human clinical trials of
Product R pursuant to an approved IND will require significant cash
expenditures. Furthermore, Product R may never be approved for commercial
distribution by any country.

         We plan to continue to provide funding for testing programs in our
laboratory and at selected universities, medical schools, laboratories and
hospitals, but the amount of research that will be conducted at those
institutions will depend upon our financial status. Because our research and
development expenses and clinical trial expenses will be charged against
earnings




                                       19
<PAGE>   22

for financial reporting purposes, we expect that losses from operations will
continue to be incurred for the foreseeable future.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998

         During the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998 we incurred
losses of approximately $9,355,000, $6,174,000 and $4,558,000, respectively.Our
increased losses for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 were
attributable primarily to:

         GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. General and administrative
expenses were $2,622,000, $1,831,000 and $1,420,000 in 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively. General and administrative expenses increased by $791,000 in 2000
vs. 1999, and increased by $411,000 in 1999 vs. 1998 resulting primarily from:


         o        increased computer expenses(approximately $319,000 in 2000
                  compared to $159,000 in 1999) primarily resulting from the
                  implementation of new computer systems at our headquarters in
                  Yonkers;

         o        increased consulting fees (approximately $200,000 in 2000 vs.
                  $0 in 1999 and 1998) primarily attributable to consulting
                  services provided by Harbor View Group;

         o        increased investor relations expenses (approximately $153,000
                  in 2000 vs. $0 in 1999 and 1998 primarily attributed to
                  retaining a public relations firm during 2000;

         o        increased payroll and related expenses ($688,000 in 2000 vs.
                  $578,000 in 1999 and $450,000 in 1998) primarily attributable
                  to increased employee and officer salaries and the addition of
                  a Chief Financial Officer position during October 1999;

         o        increased printing and filing fees (approximately $102,000 in
                  2000 vs. $16,000 in 1999 and $33,000 in 1998) primarily
                  associated with our various registration statements and press
                  releases;

         o        increased insurance costs (approximately $308,000 in 2000 vs.
                  $240,000 in 1999 and $80,000 in 1998) representing increased
                  premiums for employee medical insurance and additional
                  corporate liability insurance including directors and officers
                  liability coverage; and

         o        increased professional fees from 1998 to 1999 (approximately
                  $425,000 in 1999 vs. $335,000 in 1998), which then decreased
                  to $345,000 during 2000.



                                       20
<PAGE>   23

         COMPENSATION EXPENSE RELATED TO MODIFICATION OF EXISTING OPTIONS. Our
increased losses during the year ended December 31, 2000 are also due to
compensation expense (approximately $1,902,000 in 2000 vs. $210,000 in 1999 and
$0 in 1998).These amounts are the result of the calculation of the fair value of
options, using the Black Scholes Pricing Model, for the extension of the
exercise date of various outstanding options.

         RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSE. Research and development expense
increased from approximately $3,193,000 in 2000, $1,949,000 in 1999 to
$1,659,000 in 1998. The increase from 1999 to 2000 resulted primarily from
research expenses ($1,250,000) related to the GloboMax agreement in connection
with the preparation of our first IND filing. The increase from 1998 to 1999
resulted primarily from research expenses related to the GloboMax agreement of
approximately $203,000. The approximate costs of rent, personnel, operating
costs and laboratory supplies associated with the Yonkers laboratory for the
years ended 2000, 1999 and 1998 were charged to research and development expense
as follows: $1,696,000, $1,325,000 and $950,000.

         DEPRECIATION EXPENSE. Depreciation expense increased from approximately
$362,000 in 2000 to $231,000 in 1999 and $110,000 in 1998 as a result of the
acquisition of furniture, fixtures and equipment for the Yonkers office and
laboratory, along with the additional leasehold improvements for laboratory
space leased during 2000, 1999 and 1998.

         INTEREST EXPENSE. Interest expense for the years ended 2000,1999 and
1998 was approximately $1,447,000, $2,007,000 and $1,471,000, respectively.
Included in interest expense for these periods was:

         o        the beneficial conversion feature on certain convertible
                  debentures of approximately $387,000, $1,045,000, and $836,000
                  for the years ended 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively;

         o        interest expense associated with certain convertible
                  debentures of approximately $76,000, $163,000 and $95,000 for
                  the years ended 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively;

         o        amortization of discount on certain warrants of approximately
                  $611,000, $148,000 and $291,000 for the years ended 2000, 1999
                  and 1998, respectively;

         o        amortization of loan costs of approximately $106,000, $331,000
                  and $230,000 for the years ended 2000, 1999 and 1998,
                  respectively;

         o        fees of approximately $265,000 in connection with the November
                  2000 securities purchase agreement with Harbor View; and

         o        additional financing costs related to effective date of
                  certain registration statements of $286,000 in 1999.



                                       21
<PAGE>   24

         REVENUES. There were $8,363 and $10,953 in sales revenue in 2000 and
1999, respectively, compared to $656 in sales revenues for 1998. All sales
revenue resulted from distributors purchasing Product R for testing purposes.
Interest income was approximately $162,000 and $43,000 in 2000 and 1999,
respectively, compared to approximately $102,000 in 1998.

LIQUIDITY

         YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 AND 1999

         As of December 31, 2000, we had current assets of approximately
$6,017,000, compared to approximately $916,000 at December 31, 1999. We had
total assets of approximately $8,809,000 and $2,862,000 at December 31, 2000 and
1999, respectively. The increase in current and total assets was primarily
attributable to obtaining investment capital in 2000 of approximately $11.8
million to fund future operating expenditures.

         During 2000, we used cash of approximately $5,742,000 for operating
activities, as compared to approximately $4,148,000 in 1999. During 2000, we
incurred expenses of:

         o        approximately $926,000 for payroll and related costs primarily
                  for administrative staff and executive officers;

         o        approximately $1,250,000 in consulting fees to GloboMax;

         o        non-cash expenses of approximately $387,000 relating to
                  amortization of deferred interest associated with the
                  beneficial conversion feature of the second tranche of the
                  December 1999 convertible debentures;

         o        approximately $206,000 in connection with Phase I of the drug
                  approval process in Argentina;

         o        approximately $1,098,000 for payroll and related costs
                  primarily for scientific personnel and approximately $263,000
                  for occupancy expenses for our Yonkers facility;

         o        approximately $328,000 for laboratory supplies;

         o        approximately $734,000 for other professional and consulting
                  fees;

         o        non-cash expenses relating to amortization of loan costs and
                  discount on warrants of approximately $106,000 and $611,000,
                  respectively, relating to convertible debentures issued in
                  1998, 1999 and 2000;

         o        approximately $319,000 in computer expenses; and



                                       22
<PAGE>   25

         o        non-cash expenses of approximately $230,000 relating to the
                  issuance of warrants for consulting services.

         During the year ended December 31, 2000, cash flows provided by
financing activities was primarily due to the proceeds from the sale of
convertible debentures, sale of common stock and exercise of options and
warrants in 1999 and 2000 of approximately $11,836,000. During the year ended
December 31, 2000, cash flow provided by financing activities were used for
expenditures of approximately $917,000 for leasehold improvements and research
and laboratory equipment at our Yonkers, New York office.

         Under the terms of an agreement with RBB Bank, A.G. entered in November
1998 pursuant to which RBB purchased a 7% convertible debenture and related
warrants, we were required to file with the Commission a registration statement
to register shares of the common stock issuable upon conversion of the
convertible debenture and upon exercise of the related warrants to allow the
investors to resell such common stock to the public. Because the registration
statement was not declared effective by the Commission on or before April 13,
1999, the RBB agreement provides that we pay RBB a penalty equal to the sum of
(x) $30,000 and (y) $1,500 for each day lapsed after such date, until the
registration statement is declared effective by the Commission, provided,
however, that total penalties shall not exceed $100,000 in the aggregate. As of
the date hereof, RBB has not requested payment of the penalty.

         On September 18, 2000 we entered into a private equity line of credit
agreement with Spinneret Financial Systems, Inc., who assigned their rights to
GMF Holdings, Inc., for the right to put shares of our common stock to the
investor from time to time to raise up to $20,000,000, subject to certain
conditions and restrictions. This agreement and all agreements contemplated in
connection with such agreement was terminated by mutual agreement of the parties
on January 22, 2001. The registration statement on Form S-1 which was filed in
connection with the agreement was withdrawn.

         On February 9, 2001 we entered into a private equity line of credit
agreement Cornell Capital Partners, LP. Under the equity line of credit
agreement, we have the right to put shares of our common stock to Cornell
Capital from time to time to raise up to $50,000,000, subject to certain
conditions and restrictions. Under the terms of a registration rights agreement
entered in connection with the equity line of credit, we are required to file
with the Commission a registration statement to register the resale of shares of
common stock purchased by Cornell Capital upon the exercise of each put option.
Such registration statement must be declared effective by the Commission prior
to the first sale to the investor of the common stock sold pursuant to the
agreement. In addition, the investors are entitled to certain "piggyback"
registration rights with respect to the resale of shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of certain warrants received in consideration of its
services. The registration statement was declared effective by the Commission on
February 14, 2001.

         The independent certified public accountants' report on our
consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000,
includes an explanatory paragraph regarding certain liquidity concerns. Note 2
to the Consolidated Financial Statements states that our cash position may be
inadequate to pay all the costs associated with the full range of testing





                                       23
<PAGE>   26

and clinical trials of Product R required by the FDA, and, unless and until
Product R is approved for sale in the United States or another industrially
developed country, we may be dependent upon the continued sale of its
securities, debt or equity financing for funds to meet our cash requirements. We
believe that cash flows from sales of securities and from current financing
arrangements will be sufficient to fund operations for the next year. Although
we may not be successful in doing so, we intend to continue to sell our
securities in an attempt to mitigate the effects of our cash position. No
assurance can be given that equity or debt financing, if and when required, will
be available. During 2000, we were successful in obtaining financing aggregating
approximately $69,800,000 ($11,800,000 in cash under securities purchase
agreements and a $50,000,000 private equity line of credit).

CAPITAL RESOURCES

         We have been dependent upon the proceeds from the continued sale of
securities for the funds required to continue operations at present levels and
to fund further research and development activities. On March 31, 2000, we filed
a shelf registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering of
up to 200,000,000 shares of our common stock to be used in connection with
financings and resales of the shares issued thereunder by the recipients of such
shares. As of the date of this report, 195,039,683 of such shares remain
available for issuance.

         The following table summarizes sales of our securities since November
1998.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 DATE ISSUED      GROSS PROCEEDS  SECURITY        CONVERTIBLE /        CONVERSION PRICE /        MATURITY DATE /
                                  ISSUED          EXERCISABLE INTO     EXERCISE PRICE            EXPIRATION DATE
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>               <C>             <C>             <C>                  <C>                       <C>
November 1998     $1,500,000      Debenture       10,130,246 shares    $0.1363-$0.2011 per share Fully converted
                                  Warrants        375,000 shares       $0.20 per share           October 31, 2008
                                                  375,000 shares       $0.24 per share
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
January 1999      $802,500        Common Stock    4,917,276 shares     n/a                       n/a
                                  Warrants        1,183,394 shares     $0.2040 per share         December 30, 2003
                                                  1,183,394 shares     $0.2448 per share
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
July 1999         $500,000        Common Stock    1,851,852 shares     n/a                       n/a
                                  Warrants        463,264 shares       $0.324 per share          June 29, 2004
                                                  463,264 shares       $0.378 per share
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
August 1999       $2,000,000      Debentures      14,348,847 shares    $0.1396-$0.1438 per share Fully converted
                                  Warrants        1,000,000 shares     $0.2461 per share         August 2, 2004
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
December 1999 -   $2,000,000      Debentures      13,946,713 shares    $0.1363-.3564 per share   Fully converted
January 2000                      Warrants        210,000 shares       $0.19916667 per share     December 30, 2002
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
February 2000     $3,000,000      Common Stock    13,636,357 shares    n/a                       n/a
                                  Warrants        2,727,272 shares     $0.275 per share          February 27, 2005
                                                  2,727,272 shares     $0.33 per share
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
November 2000     $5,371,000      Common Stock    13,427,500 shares    $0.40 per share           n/a
                                  Warrants        4,028,250 shares     $0.48 per share           November 7, 2005
                                                  4,028,250 shares     $0.56 per share
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
November 2000     $1,500,000      Common Stock    4,960,317            $0.3024 per share         n/a
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
February 2001     (1)             Warrants        10,000,000 shares    $1.00 per share           February 9, 2006
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

-------------
(1) Represents warrants issued in connection with the equity line of credit,
including Class A Warrants to purchase in the aggregate 5,000,000 shares of our
common stock at an exercise price per share equal to $1.00, exercisable at any
time until February 9, 2006, and Class B Warrants to purchase in the aggregate
5,000,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price equal to the greater
of $1.00 or 110% of the bid price of the common stock on the applicable advance
date. Each Class B Warrant is exercisable pro rata on or after each advance date
with respect to that number of warrant shares equal to the product obtained by
multiplying 5,000,000 by a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the
advance payable on the applicable advance date and the denominator of which is
$20,000,000, until sixty months from the date of issuance.


                                       24
<PAGE>   27


SECURITIES ISSUED IN 1998

         RBB BANK, A.G.: In November 1998 we sold $1,500,000 principal amount of
our ten-year 7% convertible debenture due October 31, 2008 to RBB, as agent for
the accounts of certain persons, in an offshore transaction pursuant to
Regulation S under the Securities Act. Accrued interest under the convertible
debenture is payable semiannually, computed at the rate of 7% per annum on the
unpaid principal balance from the date of issuance until the date of interest
payment. The convertible debenture is convertible, at the option of the holder,
into shares of common stock pursuant to a specified formula. The actual number
of shares of common stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the convertible
debenture is subject to adjustment and could be materially less or more than the
above estimated amount, depending upon the future market price of the common
stock and the potential conversion of accrued interest into shares of common
stock.

         Based on the terms for conversion associated with the convertible
debenture, there is an intrinsic value associated with the beneficial conversion
feature of $625,000. Since conversion can occur immediately upon issuance of the
convertible debenture, this amount was recognized as interest expense in 1998.

          On January 19 and March 7, 2000, pursuant to notice by RBB, $1,122,500
and $377,500 principal amount of the November 1998 debenture was converted into
8,252,746 and 1,877,500 shares of common stock, respectively. As of March 7,
2000, the November 1998 debenture was fully converted.

         In connection with the issuance of the convertible debenture, we issued
to RBB two warrants to purchase common stock, each warrant entitling the holder
to purchase, until October 31, 2008, 375,000 shares of the common stock. The
exercise prices of the two warrants are $0.20 and $0.24 per warrant share,
respectively. Each warrant provides that the holder may elect to receive a
reduced number of shares of common stock on the basis of a cashless exercise;
that number of shares bears the same proportion to the total number shares
issuable under that warrant as the excess of the market value of shares of
common stock over the warrant exercise price bears to that market value. Each
warrant contains anti-dilution provisions which provide for the adjustment of
warrant price and warrant shares. As of December 31, 2000, none of these
warrants had been exercised.

         The fair value of the warrants issued in connection with the
convertible debenture was estimated to be $48,000 ($0.064 per warrant) based
upon a financial analysis of the terms of such warrants using the Black-Scholes
pricing model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 20%; a risk
free interest rate of 5.75% and an expected holding period of one year. This
amount has been amortized in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
as interest expense related to the convertible debenture.

         HARBOR VIEW GROUP, INC., ET AL.: In December 1998 pursuant to a
securities purchase agreement, we sold to Harbor View Group, Inc. and various
other purchasers 4,917,276 shares of common stock, and warrants to purchase an
aggregate of 2,366,788 shares of common stock, including (x) warrants to
purchase an aggregate of 1,966,788 shares of common stock and



                                       25
<PAGE>   28

(y) a finder's fee paid to Harbor View Group consisting of two warrants to
purchase an aggregate 400,000 shares of common stock, in a private offering
transaction pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, for an aggregate
purchase price of $802,500. Of the $802,500 purchase price, $600,000 was
received on December 31, 1998, and $202,500 was received in January 1999. The
warrants entitle the holders to purchase an aggregate of 1,183,394 shares of
common stock at an exercise price of $0.2040 per share, and 1,183,394 shares at
an exercise price of $0.2448 per share. The warrants are exercisable at any time
and from time to time until December 31, 2003. Each warrant provides that the
holder may elect to receive a reduced number of shares of common stock on the
basis of a cashless exercise; that number of shares bears the same proportion to
the total number shares issuable under that warrant as the excess of the market
value of shares of common stock over the warrant exercise price bears to that
market value. Each warrant contains anti-dilution provisions which provide for
the adjustment of warrant price and warrant shares. As of December 31, 2000,
warrants to purchase 541,178 shares of common stock had been exercised.

          The fair value of the warrants issued as of January 7, 1999, the date
of issuance of the shares in connection with the securities purchase agreement,
was estimated to be $494,000 ($0.0208 per warrant) based upon a financial
analysis of the terms of such warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 20%, and a risk free
interest rate of 6% through the December 31, 2003 expiration date. This amount
is amortized to interest expense in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.

SECURITIES ISSUED IN 1999

         BERMAN, ET AL.: In July 1999 pursuant to a securities purchase
agreement, we sold 1,851,852 shares of common stock, and warrants to purchase an
aggregate of 925,926 shares of common stock to Michael Berman, Pak-Lin Law and
Kwong Wai Au in a private offering transaction pursuant to Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act, for an aggregate purchase price of $500,000, received in July
1999. The warrants entitle the holders to purchase 463,264 and 463,264 shares of
common stock at exercise prices of $0.324 and $0.378 per share, respectively.
The warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time until June 28,
2004. Each warrant provides that the holder may elect to receive a reduced
number of shares of common stock on the basis of a cashless exercise; that
number of shares bears the same proportion to the total number shares issuable
under that warrant as the excess of the market value of shares of common stock
over the warrant exercise price bears to that market value. Each warrant
contains anti-dilution provisions which provide for the adjustment of warrant
price and warrant shares. As of December 31, 2000, none of the warrants had been
exercised.

         The fair value of the warrants issued as of July 9, 1999, the date of
issuance of the shares in connection with the securities purchase agreement, was
estimated to be $37,000 ($0.04 per warrant) based upon a financial analysis of
the terms of such warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the
following assumptions: expected volatility of 20%, and a risk free interest rate
of 5.75% through the June 30, 2004 expiration date. This amount is amortized to
interest expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.



                                       26
<PAGE>   29

         FOCUS INVESTORS LLC: Pursuant to a securities purchase agreement dated
August 3,1999 in a private offering transaction under Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act, we sold to Focus Investors LLC an aggregate of 20 units for an
aggregate gross purchase price of $2 million, each unit consisting of $100,000
principal amount of our ten-year 7% convertible debentures due August 3, 2009,
and series W warrants to purchase 50,000 shares of our common stock exercisable
until August 3, 2004. Accrued interest under the convertible debentures is
payable semiannually, computed at the rate of 7% per annum on the unpaid
principal balance from the date of issuance until the date of interest payment.
The convertible debentures are convertible, at the option of the holder, into
shares of common stock pursuant to a specified formula. The actual number of
shares of common stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the convertible
debentures is subject to adjustment and could be materially less or more than
the above estimated amount, depending upon the future market price of the common
stock and the potential conversion of accrued interest into shares of common
stock. On January 19, February 17, and March 3, 2000, pursuant to notice by
Focus Investors, $300,000, $900,000, and $800,000 principal amount of the Focus
debentures was converted into 2,178,155, 6,440,725 and 5,729,967 shares of
common stock, respectively. As of March 3, 2000, the debenture was fully
converted.

          The exercise price of the series W warrants is $0.2461 per warrant
share. The warrants provide that the holder may elect to receive a reduced
number of shares of common stock on the basis of a cashless exercise; The series
W warrants contain anti-dilution provisions which provide for the adjustment of
the warrant price and warrant shares. As of March 17, 2000, all of the warrants
had been exercised.

         The fair value of the warrants issued as of August 3, 1999 in
connection with the securities purchase agreement was estimated to be $52,953
($0.0526 per warrant) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of such
warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
expected volatility of 20%, and a risk free interest rate of 5.75% through the
June 30, 2004 expiration date. This amount has been amortized to interest
expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

         ENDEAVOUR CAPITAL FUND S.A.: Pursuant to a securities purchase
agreement dated December 28, 1999 in a private offering transaction under
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, we issued the first $1,000,000 tranche of
$2,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of our 7% convertible debentures due
December 31, 2004 to Endeavour Capital Fund S.A. (the "Endeavour Transaction").
In connection with the sale of the first tranche of debentures, we issued
warrants to purchase 100,000 shares of our common stock to Endeavour, and two
warrants to purchase 5,000 shares of common stock to Endeavour's legal counsel.
Accrued interest under the convertible debentures was computed at the rate of 7%
per annum on the unpaid principal balance from the date of issuance until the
date of interest payment and was payable on conversion of the debenture or on
maturity in common stock using the same conversion formula. The convertible
debentures were convertible, at the option of the holder, into shares of common
stock pursuant to a specified formula.

         These warrants expire on December 31, 2002 and are exercisable at
$0.19916667 per share. The warrants provide that the holder may elect to receive
a reduced number of shares of




                                       27
<PAGE>   30

common stock on the basis of a cashless exercise. The warrants contain
anti-dilution provisions which provide for the adjustment of the warrant price
and warrant shares. As of the date of this report, none of these warrants had
been exercised.

         The fair value of the warrants issued as of December 28, 1999 in
connection with the securities purchase agreement was estimated to be $4,285
($0.0429 per warrant) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of such
warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
expected volatility of 20%, and a risk free interest rate of 6% through the
December 31, 2002 expiration date. This amount has been amortized to interest
expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

         On January 27, February 22 and 23, 2000 pursuant to notice by Endeavour
Capital Fund, $150,000, $135,000, and $715,000 principal amount of the first
tranche of the Endeavour debentures was converted into 1,105,435, 988,913, and
5,149,035 shares of common stock, respectively. As of February 23, 2000, the
first tranche of the debentures was fully converted. The second tranche of the
debentures issued to Endeavour in 2000, as more fully described below, were
fully converted as of October 23, 2000.

 SECURITIES ISSUED IN 2000

         ENDEAVOUR CAPITAL FUND S.A.: In January 2000, in connection with the
Endeavour Transaction, we issued the second $1,000,000 tranche of $2,000,000 in
aggregate principal amount of our 7% convertible debentures due December 31,
2004, along with warrants to purchase 100,000 shares of our common stock to
Endeavour Capital Fund, S.A. The terms of the second tranche of debentures and
warrants are the identical to the terms of the debentures and warrants issued in
first tranche of the Endeavour Transaction.

         The fair value of the second tranche of warrants issued in January 2000
in connection with the securities purchase agreement was estimated to be $13,600
($0.0136 per warrant) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of such
warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
expected volatility of 90%, and a risk free interest rate of 6% through the
December 31, 2002 expiration date. This amount has been amortized to interest
expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

         On February 24 and 29, and October 23, 2000 pursuant to notice by
Endeavour Capital Fund, $785,000, $200,000 and $15,000 principal amount of the
second tranche of the Endeavour debentures was converted into 5,622,696,
1,036,674 and 42,088 shares of common stock, respectively. As of October 23,
2000, the second tranche of the debentures were fully converted.

         HARBOR VIEW GROUP, INC. On February 7, 2000 pursuant to a consulting
agreement with Harbor View Group, we issued to Harbor View warrants to purchase
1,750,000 shares at an exercise price of $0.21 per share, and warrants to
purchase 1,750,000 shares at an exercise price of $0.26 per share, until
February 28, 2005, in exchange for consulting services provided or to be
provided to us. Each warrant contains anti-dilution provisions which provide for
the adjustment of warrant price and warrant shares. As of the date hereof, none
of these warrants had been exercised.






                                       28
<PAGE>   31

         The fair value of the warrants is estimated to be $200,249 ($0.057 per
warrant) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the warrant using the
Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected volatility
of 90%; a risk free interest rate of 6% and an expected holding period of eleven
months (the term of the consulting agreement). We determined that $89,045 of the
fair value relates to past services and, accordingly, we expensed this portion
in the three months ended March 31, 2000. The remaining $111,204 is included in
other current assets and is amortized over the remaining term of the agreement.

         HARBOR VIEW GROUP, INC., ET AL. In February 2000 pursuant to a
securities purchase agreement, we sold to Harbor View Group and various other
purchasers 13,636,357 shares of common stock, and warrants to purchase an
aggregate of 5,454,544 shares of common stock in a private offering transaction
pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, for an aggregate purchase price
of $3,000,000. Half of the warrants are exercisable at $0.275 per share, and
half of the warrants are exercisable at $0.33 per share, until February 28,
2005. Each warrant provides that the holder may elect to receive a reduced
number of shares of common stock on the basis of a cashless exercise; that
number of shares bears the same proportion to the total number shares issuable
under that warrant as the excess of the market value of shares of common stock
over the warrant exercise price bears to that market value. Each warrant
contains anti-dilution provisions which provide for the adjustment of warrant
price and warrant shares. As of December 31, 2000 warrants to purchase 181,818
shares of common stock had been exercised.

         The fair value of the warrants issued as of February 16, 2000 in
connection with the securities purchase agreement was estimated to be $1,582,734
($0.290 per warrant) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of such
warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
expected volatility of 90%, and a risk free interest rate of 6% through the
February 28, 2005 expiration date. This amount is amortized to interest expense
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

         HARBOR VIEW GROUP, INC., ET AL. On November 8, 2000, pursuant to a
securities purchase agreement with Harbor View Group and various other
purchasers, we authorized the issuance and sale of up to 50,000,000 shares of
our common stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 30,000,000 shares of
common stock in a private offering transaction pursuant to Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act for a purchase price of $0.40 per share. As of the date of this
report, we had closed on the sale of 13,427,500 shares and warrants to purchase
8,056,500 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $5,371,000. Half of the
warrants are exercisable at $0.48 per share, and half of the warrants are
exercisable at $0.56 per share, until November 8, 2005. Each warrant contains
anti-dilution provisions which provide for the adjustment of warrant price and
warrant shares. As of December 31, 2000 none of the warrants had been exercised.

         ROSEWORTH GROUP. On November 16, 2000, we entered into a securities
purchase agreement with Roseworth Group, Ltd., whereby we agreed to sell
4,960,317 shares of our common stock at a price of $.3024 per share for an
aggregate purchase price of $1,500,000. We received such proceeds in November
2000.

         EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT AGREEMENT. On February 9, 2001, we entered into
an equity line of credit agreement with Cornell Capital Partners, LP, an
institutional investor, to sell up to $50,000,000 of our common stock. Under the
private equity line of credit, under which we





                                       29
<PAGE>   32

may exercise "put options" to sell shares for a price equal to 95% of the
average of the three lowest reported closing bid prices of our common stock over
a 25 trading day period ending on the advance notice date (the "Average Bid
Price"). The agreement provides that the closing bid price of the common stock
on the put option notice date shall not be less than the average closing bid
price for the previous 25 trading days. Upon signing the agreement, we issued to
our placement agent, May Davis Group, Inc., and certain investors Class A
Warrants to purchase in the aggregate 5,000,000 shares of common stock at an
exercise price per share equal to $1.00, exercisable in part or in whole at any
time until February 9, 2006, and Class B Warrants to purchase in the aggregate
5,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price equal to the greater of
$1.00 or 110% of the bid price of the common stock on the applicable advance
date. Each Class B Warrant is exercisable pro rata on or after each advance date
with respect to that number of warrant shares equal to the product obtained by
multiplying 5,000,000 by a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the
advance payable on the applicable advance date and the denominator of which is
$20,000,000, until sixty months from the date of issuance.

         The fair value of the Class A Warrants is estimated to be $512,241
($0.1024 per warrant share) based in a financial analysis of the terms of the
warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
expected volatility of 50%; risk free interest rate of 6%. This amount will be
amortized to interest expense over the term of the warrants.

         As of March 27, 2001, we had incurred approximately $100,850 in fees in
connection with the equity line of credit. Such fees have been included in other
assets and will be amortized over the life of the line of credit.

PROJECTED EXPENSES

         During the next 12 months, we expect to incur significant expenditures
relating to operating expenses, expenses relating to the IND for Product R,
capital expenditures for leasehold improvements, computer systems, and equipment
at our Yonkers, New York office, and expenses relating to additional personnel.
We currently do not have cash availability to meet our anticipated expenditures
for the next 12 months, however, up to $50 million is available to us under the
equity line of credit subject to certain conditions.(See "Business--Equity Line
of Credit").

         We anticipate that we can continue operations through September 2001
with our current liquid assets, if no stock options or warrants are exercised
nor additional securities sold. Assuming we have satisfied the conditions
precedent to draw on the equity line of credit, of which there can be no
assurance, if we receive the full amount of proceeds available from the equity
line of credit, we can continue operations for an additional 12 months, if no
stock options or warrants are exercised nor additional securities sold. If all
of the outstanding stock options and warrants are exercised, we will receive net
proceeds of approximately $21,499,611 million, excluding the warrants issuable
in connection with the equity line of credit. Those proceeds will contribute to
general and administrative and working capital and will permit us to
substantially increase our budget for research and development and clinical
trials and testing and to operate at significantly increased levels of
operation, assuming Product R receives approvals and prospects for sales
increase to justify such increased levels of operation. The recent prevailing
market price




                                       30
<PAGE>   33

for shares of common stock has from time to time been above the exercise prices
of certain of the outstanding options and warrants. As such, recent trading
levels may not be sustained nor may any additional options or warrants be
exercised. If none of the outstanding options and warrants are exercised, we do
not draw down on the equity line of credit, and we obtain no other additional
financing, in order for us to achieve the level of operations contemplated by
management, management anticipates that we will have to limit intentions to
expand operations beyond current levels.

         We anticipate that we will be required to sell additional securities to
obtain the funds necessary to further our research and development activities.
We are currently seeking debt financing, licensing agreements, joint ventures
and other sources of financing, but the likelihood of obtaining such financing
on favorable terms is uncertain. Management anticipates that they will have to
defer their salaries if financing is not available in order to continue
operations. Management does not believe that, at present, debt or equity
financing will be readily obtainable on favorable terms unless and until FDA
approval for phase I clinical testing is granted. Because of the large
uncertainties involved in the FDA approval process for commercial drug use on
humans, it is possible that we may never be able to sell Product R commercially.


ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

         Not applicable.


ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

         The Independent Auditors' Report, Consolidated Financial Statements and
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements begin on page F-1.


ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         None.


                                       31
<PAGE>   34


                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS

         Our directors and executive officers and further information concerning
them are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        NAME                          AGE        POSITION
        ----                          ---        --------
<S>                                    <C>       <C>
        Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.      64        President, Chief Executive Officer,
                                                 Chief Scientific Officer, Director

        Bernard Friedland              75        Chairman of the Board of Directors

        William Bregman                79        Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer,
                                                 Director

        Louis J. Silver                72        Director

        Alan V. Gallantar              43        Chief Financial Officer
</TABLE>


         SHALOM Z. HIRSCHMAN, M.D., President, Chief Executive Officer and a
director since October 1996, was Director of the Division of Infectious Diseases
and Professor of Medicine at Mount Sinai School of Medicine, New York, New York,
from May 1969 until October 1996.

         BERNARD FRIEDLAND, Chairman of the Board since May 1987, director since
July 1985 and President and Chief Executive Officer from September 1985 until
October 1996, was employed by Key, Inc. for 30 years, until March 1, 1986, in
the Research and Development and Quality Assurance Departments in
Pharmaceuticals, Pharmacology, and Cancer antimetabolites, and has been the
President and CEO of our subsidiary, Advance Viral Research, Ltd. since 1984.

         WILLIAM BREGMAN, director since July 1985 and Vice President,
Secretary-Treasurer since September 1985, and Vice President and Treasurer of
our subsidiary, Advance Viral Research, Ltd., from August 1984 until the
present.

         LOUIS J. SILVER, director since May 1992, has been self-employed as a
free-lance accountant and auditor since 1985. Mr. Silver previously served as a
member of the board of directors during the periods from May 1987 to July 1987.

         ALAN V. GALLANTAR, Chief Financial Officer since October 1999, was
treasurer and controller from March 1998 to September 1999 of AMBI Inc., a
nutraceutical company, senior vice president and chief financial officer from
1992 to 1997 of Bradley Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a pharmaceutical manufacturer,
and vice president and divisional controller from 1989 to 1991 for PaineWebber
Incorporated. From 1985 to 1989, Mr. Gallantar was second vice president at The
Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A., and from 1983 to 1985, was a senior accountant at
Philip Morris,



                                       32
<PAGE>   35

Incorporated. From 1979 to 1983, Mr. Gallantar was a senior accountant in the
audit department of Deloitte & Touche.

         Bernard Friedland and William Bregman may be deemed a "parent" and
"promoter" as those terms as defined in the rules and regulations promulgated
under the Securities Act. Directors are elected to serve until the next annual
meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and have
qualified.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

         The arrangement for director compensation is $150 for each meeting of
the board of directors attended, which has not in fact been paid within at least
the last three years.

EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION

         Other than Dr. Hirschman, our President and Chief Executive Officer,
and Mr. Gallantar, our Chief Financial Officer, none of our directors, officers
or employees received salary and bonus exceeding in the aggregate $100,000 in
the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 or 1998. The following table provides
certain summary information concerning compensation paid or accrued by ADVR, to
or on behalf of the named executive officer for the years ended December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998.




                                       33
<PAGE>   36

                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              LONG TERM
                                                ANNUAL COMPENSATION                      COMPENSATION AWARDS
------------------              ---------------------------------------------    --------------------------------
                                                                                    SECURITIES
NAME AND                                                       OTHER ANNUAL         UNDERLYING          ALL OTHER
PRINCIPAL POSITION              YEAR   SALARY (1)   BONUS    COMPENSATION (2)    OPTIONS/SARS (3)    COMPENSATION (4)
------------------              ----   ----------   -----    ----------------    ----------------    ---------------
<S>                            <C>      <C>           <C>         <C>               <C>                   <C>
Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.,     2000     $361,000      $0          $30,775                   --            $4,540
President, Chief Executive     1999     $325,000      $0          $34,738                   --            $4,316
Officer and Chief Scientific   1998     $325,000      $0          $12,288           23,000,000            $4,316
Officer since October 1996
and consultant from May 24,
1995 until October 1996.


Alan V. Gallantar, Chief       2000     $200,000   $25,000        $21,000                   --                --
Financial Officer since        1999     $ 43,750   $     0         $1,500            4,547,880                --
October 1999.                  1998           --        --             --                   --                --

</TABLE>
----------

(1)      Dr. Hirschman's salary increased for the year 2000 to $361,000. Mr.
         Gallantar's salary increased in October 2000 to $200,000. Mr.
         Gallantar was hired in October 1999 and therefore his salary in 1999
         reflects only three months of his $175,000 annual salary.
(2)      Other Annual Compensation for Dr. Hirschman includes medical insurance
         premiums paid by ADVR on his behalf, and aggregate incremental cost to
         ADVR of Dr. Hirschman's automobile lease, gas, oil, repairs and
         maintenance. Other Annual Compensation for Mr. Gallantar includes an
         automobile allowance of $500 per month and allowance for moving
         expenses of approximately $15,000.
(3)      Includes all options granted during fiscal years shown. No stock
         appreciation rights were granted with any options.
(4)      The dollar value of insurance premiums paid by, or on behalf of, us
         with respect to term life insurance for the benefit of Dr. Hirschman.


         In February 1998, we granted Dr. Hirschman options to acquire
23,000,000 shares of common stock, which are currently exerciseable at $0.27 per
share through February 17, 2008. In October 1999, we granted Mr. Gallantar
options to acquire 4,547,880 shares of common stock, exercisable at $0.24255 per
share in one third increments on October 1, 2000, 2001, and 2002, until October
1, 2009. In May 2000, we granted Louis Silver options to acquire 100,000 shares
of common stock at $0.25. No other stock options were granted to the named
executive officers during 2000. Other than stock options beneficially owned by
our officers and directors of ADVR, there are options to acquire 7,678,500
shares of the common stock at exercise prices ranging from $0.14 to $0.36 per
option share outstanding.



                                       34
<PAGE>   37

         The following table sets forth certain summary information concerning
exercised and unexercised options to purchase our common stock as of December
31, 2000 held by the named executive officers. No options were exercised during
the year ended December 31, 2000 by the named executive officers.

                         AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN
                   LAST FISCAL YEAR AND YEAR-END OPTION VALUES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Number of Securities          Value of Unexercised
                                Shares                     Underlying Unexercised        In-the-Money Options at
                             Acquired On     Value       Options At Fiscal Year-End          Fiscal Year-End
Name                         Exercise (#) Realized (1)   Exercisable/Unexercisable      Exercisable/Unexercisable
----                         ------------ ------------   -------------------------      -------------------------
<S>                               <C>      <C>            <C>                            <C>
Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.         0           N/A         39,100,000 / 39,100,000        $2,707,250 / $0 (2)(3)

Alan V. Gallantar                 0           N/A          1,515,960 / 4,547,880       $128,781 / $257,562 (2)(4)

</TABLE>

----------

(1)  Based on the difference between the average of the high and low bid prices
     per share of the common stock as reported by the Bulletin Board on the date
     of exercise, and the exercise or base price.
(2)  Based on the difference between the average of the high and low bid prices
     per share of the common stock as reported by the Bulletin Board on December
     31, 2000, $0.3275, and the exercise or base price of in-the-money stock
     options.
(3)  As of December 31, 2000, Dr. Hirschman held options to purchase 4,100,000
     shares of common stock at $0.18 per share; 4,000,000 shares of common stock
     at $0.19 per share; 4,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.27 per share;
     4,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.36 per share, and 23,000,000 shares
     of common stock at $0.27, all of which are currently exercisable.
(4)  As of December 31, 2000, Mr. Gallantar held options to purchase 4,547,880
     shares of common stock at $0.24255 per share, of which 1,515,960 are
     currently exercisable.


EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS, TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND CHANGE-IN-CONTROL
ARRANGEMENTS

         HIRSCHMAN EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         Pursuant to an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of
May 12, 2000 between Advanced Viral and Dr. Hirschman, we employ Dr. Hirschman
on a full business time basis as our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Scientific Officer and Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board, with duties
including supervising our day-to-day operations, including management of
scientific, medical, financial, regulatory and corporate matters, establishing
appropriate laboratory, executive and other facilities on our behalf, and
raising additional capital on our behalf. The agreement includes an agreement
that Dr. Hirschman will be nominated as a director for the duration of Dr.
Hirschman's employment with us under the agreement, and voting agreements
regarding the election of Messrs. Friedland, Bregman and Dr. Hirschman as
directors. See "Principal Stockholders."

         Pursuant to the agreement, the term of Dr. Hirschman's employment
continues until December 31, 2002 and will continue for one year periods
thereafter unless either we or Dr. Hirschman gives the other notice at least two
years in advance that such one year automatic extension shall be vitiated. If
the agreement is terminated by us for cause, we may cancel all unvested stock
options, benefits under stock bonus plans and stock appreciation rights ("SARs")
granted to Dr. Hirschman. If the agreement is terminated by Dr. Hirschman for
cause, we are required to pay to Dr. Hirschman his annual salary and employee
benefits through the remainder of the then current term.

         Pursuant to the agreement, Dr. Hirschman receives an annual salary of
$361,000, payable in equal biweekly installments. The agreement also entitles
Dr. Hirschman to a major medical





                                       35
<PAGE>   38



insurance policy, disability policy and dental policy insurance to Dr. Hirschman
and his dependents that is reasonably acceptable to the parties, and a term life
insurance policy at least in the amount of $1,000,000, with a beneficiary to be
designated by Dr. Hirschman. The agreement further provides that we shall:

         o        take such action as may be necessary to permit Dr. Hirschman
                  to be entitled to participate in stock option, stock bonus or
                  similar plans (including plans for SARs) as are established by
                  us;

         o        lease or purchase for Dr. Hirschman, at his discretion, an
                  automobile selected and to be used by him, having a list price
                  not in excess of $40,000, and pay for all gas, oil, repairs
                  and maintenance, as well as the lease or purchase payments, as
                  applicable, in connection with the automobile;

         o        reimburse Dr. Hirschman for all of his proven expenses
                  incurred in and about the course of his employment that are
                  deductible under the current tax law, including, among other
                  expenses, his license fees, membership dues in professional
                  organizations, subscriptions to professional journals,
                  necessary travel, hotel and entertainment expenses incurred in
                  connection with overnight, out-of-town trips that contribute
                  to the benefit of us in the reasonable determination of Dr.
                  Hirschman, and all other expenses that may be pre-approved by
                  our board of directors; and

         o        provide not less than four weeks paid vacation annually and
                  such paid sick or other leave as we provide to all of our
                  employees.

         The agreement also provides for the payment of $100,000 to Dr.
Hirschman on the date an IND number is obtained from and approved by the FDA so
that human research may be conducted using Product R; or the execution of an
agreement relating to co-marketing pursuant to which one or more third parties
commit to make payments to us of at least $15 million.

         The agreement further provides that Dr. Hirschman is not authorized,
without the express written consent of the board of directors and other than in
the ordinary course of business, to pledge the credit of Advanced Viral or any
of our other employees, to bind us, to release or discharge any debt due us
unless we have received payment in full, or to dispose (as collateral or
otherwise) of all or substantially all of our assets.

         Dr. Hirschman has agreed that he will assign to us all patents he
develops which result from his knowledge acquired while performing his duties
under the agreement, and that, if his employment under the agreement is
terminated by us "for cause" or by Dr. Hirschman otherwise than "for cause," as
specified in that agreement, he will not, directly or indirectly, compete with
us for three years after termination or solicit our employees to leave our
employ for one year after termination.



                                       36
<PAGE>   39
         Pursuant to the execution of the agreement, we ratified a $100,000
bonus payment made to Dr. Hirschman in February 1998 and the February 1998 grant
to Dr. Hirschman of options to acquire 23,000,000 shares of common stock
exercisable at $0.27 per share at any time through February 17, 2008 or (i) 90
days after (A) the termination of Dr. Hirschman's employment (other than for
good reason or upon the occurrence of a change in control, in which two cases
Dr. Hirschman may exercise such options until the expiration of the original
term, or (B) Dr. Hirschman is terminated for cause, or (ii) until 18 months
after death.

         GALLANTAR EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         ADVR entered into an Employment Agreement dated as of October 1, 1999
with Alan V. Gallantar, pursuant to which Mr. Gallantar is employed as our Chief
Financial Officer on a full business time basis. Under the agreement, the term
of Mr. Gallantar's employment continues until October 1, 2002. If the agreement
is terminated by us for cause, Mr. Gallantar will have no accrued right to
receive any bonus for the year in which his employment is terminated, all
unvested stock options will be cancelled, and any vested stock options will
terminate 90 days after the effective date of termination. If the agreement is
terminated by ADVR not for cause, we are required to pay to Mr. Gallantar all
accrued and unpaid compensation, and all stock options granted as of the date of
the agreement shall become 100% vested. Upon such termination not for cause, all
options which became vested as a result of this provision may be exercised by
Mr. Gallantar until 90 days after the effective date of termination. If Mr.
Gallantar elects to terminate this agreement as a result of a change in control,
he will be paid his base salary for the remaining term of the agreement, and all
stock options granted on the date of the agreement will become 100% vested and
exercisable until 90 days after the effective date of termination. If Mr.
Gallantar elects to terminate this agreement for any other reason, he will be
paid all unaccrued and unpaid base salary, and he will have the right to
exercise any vested stock until 90 days after the effective date of termination.
All payments made to Mr. Gallantar in connection with the termination of the
agreement are subject to reduction to the extent they exceed 2.99 times the
"base amount" as determined under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986.

         Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Gallantar will receive an annual salary
of $175,000 for the first year of the agreement; $200,000 for the second year of
the agreement; and $225,000 for the third year of the agreement. For each year
of the agreement, Mr. Gallantar is entitled to a cash bonus of between 10% and
50% of his base salary, based on certain targets and the discretion of the board
of directors. As of the date of the agreement, Mr. Gallantar received options to
purchase an aggregate of 4,547,880 shares of our common stock. The options
expire on October 1, 2009, and are exercisable in three increments of 1,515,960
on the October 1, 2000, 2001 and 2002, respectively. The agreement further
provides that:

         o        Mr. Gallantar and his family are entitled to receive the same
                  benefits generally given to other senior executives of ADVR.

         o        Mr. Gallantar is entitled to 15 working days of vacation
                  during the first year and 20 days of vacation during each year
                  thereafter, subject to certain exceptions.



                                       37
<PAGE>   40

         o        Mr. Gallantar will receive a non-accountable automobile
                  allowance of $500 per month, provided however, that he is be
                  responsible for all costs of acquiring and maintaining the
                  automobile.

         o        We will reimburse Mr. Gallantar for certain professional
                  license and membership fees up to a maximum of $5,000 per year
                  in the aggregate, and all other expenses incurred in the
                  performance of his duties with the prior approval of the Chief
                  Executive Officer.

         o        If Mr. Gallantar relocates his primary residence to
                  Westchester County, New York, or New York City prior to the
                  second anniversary of the agreement, we will pay reasonable
                  moving, legal and brokerage fees or costs incurred by him in
                  connection with such relocation up to a maximum of $15,000.

         The agreement provides that Mr. Gallantar is not authorized, without
the express written consent of the board of directors and other than in the
ordinary course of business, to pledge the credit of ADVR, to bind us under any
note, mortgage or other monetary obligation, to release or discharge any debt
due us unless we have received payment in full, or to dispose (as collateral or
otherwise) of a substantial amount of our assets. Furthermore, Mr. Gallantar
agreed that he will assign to us all intellectual property rights developed by
him which result from the knowledge he acquired while performing his duties
under the agreement. Finally, he has agreed that he will not, directly or
indirectly, compete with us for five years after termination of his employment
or solicit our employees to leave our employ for one year after termination.

ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP. CASH OR DEFERRED PLAN AND TRUST (401(k))

         In December 1999, we adopted a 401(k) plan that allows eligible
employees to contribute up to 20% of their salary, subject to annual limits,
which were 10,500 in 2000. We match 50% of the first 6% of the employee
contributions in our stock and may, at our discretion, make additional
contributions based upon earnings. During the second quarter ended June 30,
2001, we are obligated to fund the 401(k) plan with $23,757 to enable the 401(k)
plan to purchase shares of our common stock on the open market to contribute to
the 401(k) plan for the employer match for the year ended December 31, 2001.



                                       38
<PAGE>   41

PERFORMANCE GRAPH

Securities and Exchange Commission rules require that a line graph performance
presentation be provided comparing cumulative total stockholder return with a
performance indicator of a broad market index and a nationally recognized
industry index. The graph and table set forth below compare the cumulative total
stockholder return on ADVR's Common Stock for 1996 through 2000 with the Dow
Jones Pharmaceuticals Index and the Dow Jones Equity Market Index for the same
period. The graph and table assume an investment of $100 in the Common Stock and
each index on December 31, 1995 and the reinvestment of all dividends, if any.

                         5-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   12/95      12/96      12/97      12/98      12/99      12/00
                                  ------     ------     ------     ------     ------     ------
<S>                               <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Advanced Viral Research Corp.     100.00     187.50     117.50     136.88     117.50     203.13
Dow Jones Pharmaceuticals         100.00     122.02     160.84     200.88     246.53     223.68
Dow Jones Equity Market           100.00     124.02     191.24     284.32     256.15     355.29


</TABLE>
                                    [CHART]



                                       39
<PAGE>   42


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

         The following table sets forth certain information regarding the
beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this report for (i)
each stockholder who is known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of our
common stock, (ii) each director and executive officer, and (iii) all of our
directors and named executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise
indicated, we believe, based on information furnished by the persons named in
this table that such persons have voting and investment power with respect to
all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them, subject to community
property laws, where applicable.

         The following table sets forth certain information regarding the
beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this prospectus for
(i) each shareholder who is known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of our
common stock, (ii) each director and executive officer, and (iii) all of our
directors and named executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise
indicated, we believe, based on information furnished by the persons named in
this table that such persons have voting and investment power with respect to
all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them, subject to community
property laws, where applicable.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER              BENEFICIALLY OWNED (1)          PERCENT OWNED
------------------------------------              ----------------------          -------------
<S>                                               <C>              <C>                 <C>
Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.                         39,100,000       (2)(3)              9.3%
c/o Advanced Viral Research Corp.
200 Corporate Boulevard South
Yonkers, New York 10701

Bernard Friedland                                 39,146,730       (3)(4)             10.3%
c/o Advanced Viral Research Corp.
1250 East Hallandale Beach Blvd.
Hallandale, FL 33009

William Bregman                                   35,611,988       (3)(5)              9.4%
c/o Advanced Viral Research Corp.
1250 East Hallandale Beach Blvd.
Hallandale, FL 33009

Louis J. Silver                                      351,000       (2)(6)              0.1%
5110 S.W. 127th Place
Miami, FL 33175


Alan V. Gallantar                                  1,515,960       (2)(7)              0.4%
c/o Advanced Viral Research Corp.
200 Corporate Boulevard South
Yonkers, New York 10701

All officers & directors (5 persons)             115,725,678        (2)              27.5%

</TABLE>

----------

(1)      The persons named in this table have sole voting power with respect to
         all shares shown as beneficially owned by them, except as indicated in
         other footnotes to this table. In computing the number of shares
         beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that
         person, shares of common stock subject to options or warrants held by
         that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60
         days from the date hereof, are deemed outstanding. According to
         American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the transfer agent for the
         common stock, 380,377,118 shares of the common stock were outstanding
         as of the close of business as of the date hereof.
(2)      Includes shares that may be acquired pursuant to options to purchase
         common stock exercisable within 60 days from the date hereof.
(3)      The Hirschman employment agreement provides that Messrs. Friedland and
         Bregman, during the term of Dr. Hirschman's employment under that
         agreement, shall vote all shares of the common stock owned or voted by
         them in favor of Dr. Hirschman as a director of Advanced Viral. That
         agreement, however, does not restrict or otherwise limit their right to
         sell their shares to third parties without restriction. The Hirschman
         employment agreement also provides that Dr. Hirschman, during that
         term, shall take no action which shall preclude Messrs. Friedland and
         Bregman from being nominees as directors of Advanced Viral and that Dr.
         Hirschman shall vote all shares of the common stock owned or voted by
         him in favor of Messrs. Friedland






                                       40
<PAGE>   43

         and Bregman as directors of Advanced Viral. See "-- Employment
         Contracts, Termination of Employment and Change-in-Control
         Arrangements."
(4)      Includes 1,000,000 shares of the common stock owned by Mr. Friedland
         and Beth Friedland, his daughter, as joint tenants;) 20,000,000 shares
         owned by Mr. Friedland and Shirley Friedland, his spouse, as joint
         tenants; and 400,000 shares owned the B&SD Friedland Foundation, a
         not-for-profit foundation controlled by Mr. Friedland. Does not include
         15,000 shares owned by Shirley Friedland as to which Mr. Friedland
         disclaims beneficial ownership.
(5)      Includes 22,443,614 shares held in a trust for which Mr. Bregman is the
         sole trustee and sole beneficiary; 165,000 shares owned by Carol
         Bregman, his daughter; 165,000 shares owned by Janet Berlin, his
         daughter; 165,000 shares owned by Forest Berlin, his grandson; and
         165,000 shares owned by Jessica Berlin, his granddaughter.
(6)      Includes options granted in May 2000 to acquire 100,000 shares of
         common stock at $0.25 per share.
(7)      Represents options to purchase 1,515,960 shares of common stock at
         $0.24255 per share, which are currently exercisable.


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         For the past three fiscal years, there were no material transactions
between ADVR and any of its officers or directors which involved $60,000 or
more.


                                     PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)      Documents filed as part of this report

         1.       Financial Statements (see page F-1)

         2.       Exhibits: The Exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibits
                  Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this
                  report.

(b)      Reports on Form 8-K during and after the fiscal quarter ended
         December 31, 2000:

         None.




                                       41
<PAGE>   44


                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


Date: April 2, 2001                         ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                                            (Registrant)


                                            By: /s/ SHALOM Z. HIRSCHMAN, M.D.
                                               --------------------------------
                                               Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.,
                                               President and Chief Executive
                                               Officer


         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Date: April 2, 2001                        By: /s/ SHALOM Z. HIRSCHMAN, M.D.
                                               --------------------------------
                                               Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.,
                                               President and Chief Executive
                                               Officer and Director


Date: April 2, 2001                        By: /s/ BERNARD FRIEDLAND
                                               --------------------------------
                                               Bernard Friedland, Chairman of
                                               the Board and Director


Date: April 2, 2001                        By: /s/ WILLIAM BREGMAN
                                               --------------------------------
                                               William Bregman,
                                               Secretary-Treasurer, Director



Date: April 2, 2001                        By: /s/ LOUIS J. SILVER
                                               --------------------------------
                                               Louis J. Silver, Director



Date: April 2, 2001                        By: /s/ ALAN V. GALLANTAR
                                               --------------------------------
                                               Alan V. Gallantar, Principal
                                               Financial and Accounting Officer



                                       42
<PAGE>   45
                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER     DESCRIPTION
-------    -----------

<S>         <C>
3.1        Articles of Incorporation of Advanced Viral Research Corp. ("ADVR") (2)
3.2        Bylaws of ADVR, as amended(1)
3.3        Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of ADVR(2)
4.1        Specimen Certificate of Common Stock(1)
4.2        Specimen Warrant Certificate(1)
4.3        Warrant Agreement between ADVR and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company(1)
4.4        Forms of Common Stock Options and Agreements granted by ADVR to TRM Management Corp.(5)
4.5        Form of Common Stock Option and Agreement granted by ADVR to Plata Partners Limited Partnership(12)
4.6        Consulting Agreement, dated September 11, 1992, and Form of Common Stock granted by ADVR to Leonard
           Cohen(6)
4.7        Addendum to Agreement granted by ADVR to Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D. dated March 24, 1996(10)
4.8        Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 16, 1998 by and between ADVR and RBB Bank AG. (11)(o)
4.9        7% Convertible Debenture dated November 16, 1998. (11)(o)
4.10       Warrant dated November 16, 1998 to purchase 375,000 shares of common stock at $0.20 per share. (11)(o)
4.11       Warrant dated November 16, 1998 to purchase 375,000 shares of common stock at $0.24 per share. (11)(o)
4.12       Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 22, 1998 by and between ADVR and various purchasers. (15)
4.13       Form of Warrant dated December 22, 1998 to purchase shares of common stock of ADVR at $0.2040 per
           share. (15)
4.14       Form of Warrant dated December 22, 1998 to purchase shares of common stock of ADVR at $0.2448 per
           share. (15)
4.15       Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 23, 1999 by and between ADVR and various purchasers. (15)
4.16       Form of Warrant dated June 23, 1999 to purchase shares of common stock of ADVR at $0.324 per share. (15)
4.17       Form of Warrant dated June 23, 1999 to purchase shares of common stock of ADVR at $0.378 per share. (15)
4.18       Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 3, 1999 by and between ADVR and Focus Investors, LLC. (15)
4.19       Form of 7% Convertible Debenture dated August 3, 1999. (15)
4.20       Form of Warrant dated August 3, 1999 to purchase 50,000 shares of common stock at $0.2461 per share.(15)
4.21       Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 28, 1999 by and between ADVR and Endeavour Capital Fund S.A. (16)
4.22       Form of 7% Convertible Debenture dated December 28, 1999. (16)
4.23       Form of Warrant dated December 28, 1999 to purchase shares of common stock at $0.19916667 per share.(16)
4.24       Form of Warrant dated February 7, 2000 to purchase shares of common stock at $0.21 per share. (17)
4.25       Form of Warrant dated February 7, 2000 to purchase shares of common stock at $0.26 per share. (17)
4.26       Form of Warrant dated February 16, 2000 to purchase shares of common stock at $0.275 per share. (17)
4.27       Form of Warrant dated February 16, 2000 to purchase shares of common stock at $0.33 per share. (17)
4.28       Form of Class A Warrant dated September 18, 2000 to purchase 5,000,000 shares of common stock. (19)
4.29       Form of Class B Warrant dated September 18, 2000 to purchase 5,000,000 shares of common stock. (19)
4.30       Form of Class A Warrant dated February 9, 2001 to purchase 5,000,000 shares of common stock. (21)
4.31       Form of Class B Warrant dated February 9, 2001 to purchase 5,000,000 shares of common stock. (21)
10.1       Declaration of Trust by Bernard Friedland and William Bregman in favor of ADVR dated November 16,
           1987(12)
10.2       Clinical Trials Agreement, dated September 19, 1990, between Clinique Medical Actuel and ADVR. (3)
10.3       Letter, dated March 15, 1991 to ADVR from Health Protection Branch(3)
10.4       Agreement dated August 20, 1991 between TRM Management Corp. and ADVR. (11)(a)
10.5       Lease dated December 18, 1991 between Bayview Associates, Inc. and ADVR. (4)
10.6       Lease Agreement, dated February 16, 1993 between Stortford Brickell Inc. and ADVR. (7)
10.7       Consulting Agreement dated February 28, 1993 between Leonard Cohen and ADVR. (8)
10.8       Medical Advisor Agreement, dated as of September 14, 1993, between Lionel Resnick, M.D. and ADVR.(11)(b)
10.9       Agreement, dated November 9, 1993, between Dormer Laboratories Inc. and ADVR. (12)
10.10      Exclusive Distribution Agreement, dated April 25, 1994, between C.U.R.E. Pharmaceutical Corp. and ADVR.(11)(c)
10.11      Exclusive Distribution Agreement, dated as of June 1, 1994, between C.U.R.E. Pharmaceutica Central
           Americas Ltd. and ADVR. (11)(d)
10.12      Exclusive Distribution Agreement dated as of June 17, 1994 between DCT S.R.L. and ADVR, as
           amended(11)(e)
10.13      Contract, dated as of October 25, 1994 between Commonwealth Pharmaceuticals of the Channel Islands and
           ADVR. (11)(f)
10.14      Agreement dated May 24, 1995 between ADVR and Deborah Silver(9)
10.15      Agreement dated May 29, 1995 between ADVR and Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.(9)

</TABLE>


                                       43
<PAGE>   46
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER     DESCRIPTION
-------    -----------
<S>         <C>
10.16      Exclusive Distribution Agreement, dated as of June 2, 1995, between AVIX International Pharmaceutical
           Corp. and ADVR. (12)
10.17      Supplement to Exclusive Distribution Agreement, dated November 2, 1995 with Commonwealth
           Pharmaceuticals(12)
10.18      Exclusive Distributorship & Limited License Agreement, dated December 28, 1995, between AVIX
           International Pharmaceutical Corp., Beijing Unistone Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and ADVR. (11)(g)
10.19      Modification Agreement, dated December 28, 1995, between AVIX International Pharmaceutical Corp. and
           ADVR. (11)(g)
10.20      Agreement dated April 1, 1996, between DCT S.R.L. and ADVR. (11)(h)
10.21      Addendum, dated as of March 24, 1996, to Consulting Agreement between ADVR and Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.(10)
10.22      Addendum to Agreement, dated July 11, 1996, between AVIX International Pharmaceutical Corp. and ADVR. (11)(i)
10.23      Employment Agreement, dated October 17, 1996, between ADVR and Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.(11)(j)
10.24      Lease, dated February 7, 1997 between Robert Martin Company, LLC and ADVR. (12)
10.25      Copy of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated February 21, 1997 between ADVR and Interfi Capital
           Group(11)(k)
10.26      Material Transfer Agreement-Cooperative Research And Development Agreement, dated March 13, 1997,
           between National Institute of Health, Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control
           and Prevention(11)(l)
10.27      Copy of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated September 26, 1997 between ADVR and RBB Bank AG. (11)(m)
10.28      Copy of Extension to Materials Transfer Agreement-Cooperative Research and Development Agreement, dated
           March 4, 1998, between National Institute of Health, Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for
           Disease Control and Prevention. (13)
10.29      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated July 8, 1998 between ADVR and Shalom Z. Hirschman,
           M.D.(11)(n)
10.30      Agreement between ADVR and Angelo Chinnici, M.D. dated July 1, 1999. (14)
10.31      Consulting Agreement between ADVR and GloboMax LLC dated January 18, 1999. (15)
10.32      Registration Rights Agreement dated August 3, 1999 between ADVR Research and Focus Investors LLC. (15)
10.33      Employment Agreement dated October 1, 1999 between ADVR and Alan V. Gallantar (15)
10.34      Registration Rights Agreement dated December 28, 1999 between ADVR and Endeavour Capital Fund, S.A. (16)
10.35      Consulting Agreement dated February 7, 2000 between ADVR and Harbor View Group, Inc.(17)
10.36      Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 16, 2000 between ADVR and Harbor View Group, Inc. (17)
10.37      Letter Agreement dated November 16, 1999 between ADVR and Bratskeir & Company. (18)
10.38      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated May 12, 2000 between ADVR and Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.(18)
10.39      Equity Line of Credit Agreement dated as of September 18, 2000 between ADVR and Spinneret Financial
           Systems, Inc.(19)
10.40      Registration Rights Agreement dated as of September 18, 2000 between ADVR and Spinneret Financial
           Systems, Inc. (19)
10.41      Registration Rights Agreement dated as of September 18, 2000 between ADVR and May Davis Group, Inc.(19)
10.42      Placement Agent Agreement dated September 18, 2000 between ADVR and May Davis Group, Inc.(19)
10.43      Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated December 12, 2000 between Spinneret Financial Systems, Inc.
           and GMF Holdings Inc. (20)
10.44      Agreement to Waive Assignment Rights dated December 12, 2000 by GMF Holdings Inc. (20)
10.45      Termination Agreement dated January 22, 2001 between GMF Holdings, Inc., May Davis Group, Inc. and
           ADVR. (21)
10.46      Equity Line of Credit Agreement dated as of February 9, 2001 between ADVR and Cornell Capital Partners,
           LP. (21)
10.47      Registration Rights Agreement dated as of February 9, 2001 between ADVR and Cornell Capital Partners,
           LP.(21)
10.48      Registration Rights Agreement dated as of February 9, 2001 between ADVR and May Davis Group, Inc. (21)
10.49      Placement Agent Agreement dated February 9, 2001 between ADVR and May Davis Group, Inc. (21)
10.50      Agreement dated as of April 2, 2001 between ADVR and Selikoff Center of Ra'Anana, Israel.*
10.51      Agreement dated as of January 29, 2001 between ADVR and The Weizmann Institute of Science and Yeda.*
21.1       Subsidiaries of Registrant:  Advance Viral Research Ltd., a Bahamian corporation.
</TABLE>
----------

*        Filed herewith.

1.       Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits our
         registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, File No. 33-33895,
         filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 19, 1990.
2.       Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         registration statement on Form S-18, File No. 33-2262-A, filed with the
         Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 1989.
3.       Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1990.
4.       Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for period ended March 31, 1991.
5.       Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991.
6.       Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 1992.
7.       Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31,
         1992.
8.       Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended March 31, 1993.
9.       Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 1995.
10.      Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended March 31, 1996.
11.      Incorporated by reference herein to our Current Reports on Form 8-K and
         exhibits thereto as follows:
         (a)      A report on Form 8-K dated January 3, 1992.
         (b)      A report on Form 8-K dated September 14, 1993.
         (c)      A report on Form 8-K dated April 25, 1994.
         (d)      A report on Form 8-K dated June 3, 1994.
         (e)      A report on Form 8-K dated June 17, 1994.
         (f)      A report on Form 8-K dated October 25, 1994.
         (g)      A report on Form 8-K dated December 28, 1995.
         (h)      A report on Form 8-K dated April 22, 1996.
         (i)      A report on Form 8-K dated July 12, 1996.
         (j)      A report on Form 8-K dated October 17, 1996.
         (k)      A report on Form 8-K dated February 21, 1997.
         (l)      A report on Form 8-K dated March 25, 1997.
         (m)      A report on Form 8-K dated September 26, 1997.
         (n)      A report on Form 8-K dated July 21, 1998.
         (o)      A report on Form 8-K dated November 24, 1998.
12.      Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31,
         1996.
13.      Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31,
         1997.
14.      Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998.
15.      Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, File No. 33-70523,
         filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 1999,
         and Amendment No. 5 thereto, declared effective on December 15, 1999.
16.      Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, File No. 333-94529,
         filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2000.
17.      Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999.
18.      Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, File No. 333-37974,
         filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 6, 2000.
19.      Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to
         Post-effective Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form
         S-1, as amended, File No. 333-70523, filed with the Securities and
         Exchange Commission on September 25, 2000.
20.      Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-49038, filed with the
         Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2000 and amended
         pursuant to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the Commission on
         December 15, 2000.
21.      Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
         Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-55430, filed with the
         Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2001 and amended
         pursuant to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the Commission on
         February 13, 2000.

                                       44

<PAGE>   47
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)



                          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                    PAGE
                                                                                                                    ----
<S>                                                                                                                 <C>
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS                                                                   F-1


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    Balance Sheets, December 31, 2000 and 1999                                                                       F-2

    Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 and from
        Inception (February 20, 1984) to December 31, 2000                                                           F-3

    Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency) from Inception (February 20, 1984) to                            F-4
        December 31, 2000

    Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 and from
        Inception (February 20, 1984) to December 31, 2000                                                          F-13

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                    F-14-F-39

</TABLE>






<PAGE>   48



               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


Stockholders and Directors
Advanced Viral Research Corp.
  (A Development Stage Company)
Yonkers, New York


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Advanced Viral
Research Corp. (A Development Stage Company) as of December 31, 2000 and 1999,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity
(deficiency) and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended
December 31, 2000 and for the period from inception (February 20, 1984) to
December 31, 2000. These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Advanced Viral
Research Corp. (A Development Stage Company) as of December 31, 2000 and 1999
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years
in the three year period ended December 31, 2000 and for the period from
inception (February 20, 1984) to December 31, 2000 in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.

As more fully described in Note 2, the Company is subject to certain liquidity
considerations. The Company's plans with respect to this matter are also
described in Note 2.


                            RACHLIN COHEN & HOLTZ LLP


Miami, Florida
February 9, 2001





                                      F-1
<PAGE>   49
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A Development Stage Company)

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                           DECEMBER 31, 2000 AND 1999




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             2000               1999
                                                                        ------------       ------------
<S>                                                                     <C>                <C>
                                      ASSETS
Current Assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                            $  5,962,633       $    836,876
   Inventory                                                                  19,729             19,729
   Other current assets                                                       34,804             59,734
                                                                        ------------       ------------
         Total current assets                                              6,017,166            916,339

Property and Equipment, Net                                                1,944,199          1,375,923

Other Assets                                                                 847,349            569,312
                                                                        ------------       ------------
         Total assets                                                   $  8,808,714       $  2,861,574
                                                                        ============       ============

                 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)

Current Liabilities:
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                             $    902,961       $    728,872
   Current portion of capital lease obligation                                58,690             50,315
   Current portion of note payable                                            21,517             19,095
                                                                        ------------       ------------
         Total current liabilities                                           983,168            798,282
                                                                        ------------       ------------

Long-Term Debt:
   Convertible debentures, net                                                    --          4,446,629
   Capital lease obligation - long term portion                              106,567            152,059
   Note payable - long term portion                                           56,446             77,964
                                                                        ------------       ------------
        Total long-term debt                                                 163,013          4,676,652
                                                                        ------------       ------------

Commitments, Contingencies and Subsequent Events                                  --                 --

Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency):
   Common stock; 1,000,000,000 shares of $.00001 par value
      authorized, 380,214,618 and 303,472,035
      shares issued and outstanding                                            3,802              3,034
   Additional paid-in capital                                             39,969,373         17,537,333
   Deficit accumulated during the development stage                      (29,079,902)       (19,725,238)
   Discount on warrants                                                   (3,230,740)          (428,489)
                                                                        ------------       ------------
         Total stockholders' equity (deficiency)                           7,662,533         (2,613,360)
                                                                        ------------       ------------
         Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficiency)        $  8,808,714       $  2,861,574
                                                                        ============       ============


</TABLE>

                See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-2
<PAGE>   50

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A Development Stage Company)

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                 Inception
                                                                                               (February 20,
                                                                                                   1984) to
                                                  Year Ended December 31,                      December 31,
                                   -----------------------------------------------------       -------------
                                        2000                1999                1998                2000
                                   -------------       -------------       -------------       -------------
<S>                                    <C>                 <C>                 <C>                 <C>
Revenues                           $       8,363       $      10,953       $         656       $     214,291
                                   -------------       -------------       -------------       -------------

Costs and Expenses:
   Research and development            3,192,551           1,948,937           1,659,456           8,724,955
   General and administrative          2,621,542           1,831,061           1,420,427          11,767,850
   Compensation expense                1,901,927             210,144                  --           2,112,071
   Depreciation                          362,392             230,785             110,120             908,615
                                   -------------       -------------       -------------       -------------
                                       8,078,412           4,220,927           3,190,003          23,513,491
                                   -------------       -------------       -------------       -------------

Loss from Operations                  (8,070,049)         (4,209,974)         (3,189,347)        (23,299,200)
                                   -------------       -------------       -------------       -------------

Other Income (Expense):
   Interest income                       162,077              42,744             102,043             764,118
   Other income                               --                  --                 293             120,093
   Interest expense                   (1,446,692)         (2,007,032)         (1,470,699)         (6,664,913)
                                   -------------       -------------       -------------       -------------
                                      (1,284,615)         (1,964,288)         (1,368,363)         (5,780,702)

Net Loss                           $  (9,354,664)      $  (6,174,262)      $  (4,557,710)      $ (29,079,902)
                                   =============       =============       =============       =============

Net Loss Per Share of Common
   Stock - Basic and Diluted       $       (0.03)      $       (0.02)      $       (0.02)
                                   =============       =============       =============

Weighted Average Number of
   Common Shares Outstanding         362,549,690         302,361,109         294,809,073
                                   =============       =============       =============


</TABLE>


                See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-3
<PAGE>   51

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A Development Stage Company)

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2000


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Common Stock                                      Deficit
                                                    --------------------------------------------                     Accumulated
                                                     Amount                                            Additional     during the
                                                      Per                                               Paid-In       Development
                                                     Share          Shares           Amount             Capital          Stage
                                                    --------    ---------------  ---------------   ---------------   ------------
<S>                                             <C>                 <C>                    <C>                 <C>
Balance, inception (February 20, 1984)
  as previously reported                                                     --  $         1,000  $            --   $      (1,000)

Adjustment for pooling of interests                                          --           (1,000)            1,000             --
                                                                ---------------  ---------------   ---------------   ------------

Balance, inception, as restated                                              --               --             1,000         (1,000)

   Net loss, period ended December 31, 1984                                  --               --                --        (17,809)
                                                                ---------------  ---------------   ---------------   ------------

Balance, December 31, 1984                                                   --               --             1,000        (18,809)

   Issuance of common stock for cash               $ .00            113,846,154            1,138               170             --
   Net loss, year ended December 31, 1985                                    --               --                --        (25,459)
                                                                ---------------  ---------------   ---------------   ------------

Balance, December 31, 1985                                          113,846,154            1,138             1,170        (44,268)

   Issuance of common stock - public offering        .01             40,000,000              400           399,600             --
   Issuance of underwriter's warrants                                        --               --               100             --
   Expenses of public offering                                               --               --          (117,923)            --
   Issuance of common stock, exercise of "A"
    warrants                                         .03                819,860                9            24,587             --
   Net loss, year ended December 31, 1986                                    --               --                --       (159,674)
                                                                ---------------  ---------------   ---------------   ------------

Balance, December 31, 1986                                          154,666,014            1,547           307,534       (203,942)
                                                                ---------------  ---------------   ---------------   ------------


</TABLE>


                See notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                      F-4
<PAGE>   52




                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A Development Stage Company)

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2000

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Common Stock                                   Deficit
                                                            --------------------------------                      Accumulated
                                                            Amount                                Additional       during the
                                                             Per                                   Paid-In        Development
                                                            Share      Shares         Amount       Capital           Stage
                                                            ------     ------         ------      ----------     -------------
<S>                                                   <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>               <C>
Balance, December 31, 1986                                            154,666,014   $     1,547   $   307,534       $  (203,942)

   Issuance of common stock, exercise of "A" warrants       $   .03    38,622,618           386     1,158,321                --
   Expenses of stock issuance                                    --            --       (11,357)           --
   Acquisition of subsidiary for cash                            --            --       (46,000)           --
   Cancellation of debt due to stockholders                      --            --        86,565            --
   Net loss, year ended December 31, 1987                        --            --            --      (258,663)
                                                                      -----------   -----------   -----------       -----------
Balance, December 31, 1987                                            193,288,632         1,933     1,495,063          (462,605)

   Net loss, year ended December 31, 1988                        --            --            --      (199,690)
                                                                      -----------   -----------   -----------       -----------
Balance, December 31, 1988                                            193,288,632         1,933     1,495,063          (662,295)

   Net loss, year ended December 31, 1989                        --            --            --      (270,753)
                                                                      -----------   -----------   -----------       -----------
Balance, December 31, 1989                                            193,288,632         1,933     1,495,063          (933,048)

   Issuance of common stock, expiration of redemption           .05     6,729,850            67       336,475                --
      offer on "B" warrants
   Issuance of common stock, exercise of "B" warrants           .05       268,500             3        13,422                --
   Issuance of common stock, exercise of "C" warrants           .08        12,900            --         1,032                --
   Net loss, year ended December 31, 1990                                      --            --            --          (267,867)
                                                                      -----------   -----------   -----------       -----------
                                                                      200,299,882         2,003     1,845,992        (1,200,915)
                                                                      -----------   -----------   -----------       -----------

</TABLE>



                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-5


<PAGE>   53


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A Development Stage Company)

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2000


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Common Stock                                 Deficit
                                                             -------------------------------------                 Accumulated
                                                                Amount                               Additional    during the
                                                                 Per                                   Paid-In     Development
                                                                Share       Shares       Amount        Capital        Stage
                                                             ---------    -----------  -----------    -----------   -----------
<S>                                                          <C>               <C>                            <C>
Balance, December 31, 1990                                                200,299,882  $     2,003    $ 1,845,992   $(1,200,915)

   Issuance of common stock, exercise of "B" warrants            $   .05       11,400           --            420            --
   Issuance of common stock, exercise of "C" warrants                .08        2,500           --            200            --
   Issuance of common stock, exercise of underwriter warrants       .012    3,760,000           38         45,083            --
   Net loss, year ended December 31, 1991                                          --           --             --      (249,871)
                                                                          -----------  -----------    -----------   -----------
Balance, December 31, 1991                                                204,073,782        2,041      1,891,695    (1,450,786)

   Issuance of common stock, for testing                           .0405   10,000,000          100        404,900            --
   Issuance of common stock, for consulting services                .055      500,000            5         27,495            --
   Issuance of common stock, exercise of "B" warrants                .05    7,458,989           75        372,875            --
   Issuance of common stock, exercise of "C" warrants                .08    5,244,220           52        419,487            --
   Expenses of stock issuance                                                                                            (7,792)
   Net loss, year ended December 31, 1992                                          --           --             --      (839,981)
                                                                          -----------  -----------    -----------   -----------
Balance, December 31, 1992                                                227,276,991        2,273      3,108,660    (2,290,767)

   Issuance of common stock, for consulting services                .055      500,000            5         27,495            --
   Issuance of common stock, for consulting services                 .03    3,500,000           35        104,965            --
   Issuance of common stock, for testing                            .035    5,000,000           50        174,950            --
   Net loss, year ended December 31, 1993                                          --           --             --      (563,309)
                                                                          -----------  -----------    -----------   -----------
Balance, December 31, 1993                                                236,276,991        2,363      3,416,070    (2,854,076)
                                                                          -----------  -----------    -----------   -----------


</TABLE>


                See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-6
<PAGE>   54


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A Development Stage Company)

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2000


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Common Stock                                         Deficit
                                              -----------------------------                             Accumulated
                                              Amount                           Additional               during the      Deferred
                                               Per                              Paid-In    Subscription Development   Compensation
                                              Share     Shares     Amount       Capital     Receivable     Stage          Cost
                                              -----  -----------  ----------- -----------  ------------ -----------   -----------
<S>                                            <C>   <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
Balance, December 31, 1993                           236,276,991  $     2,363 $ 3,416,070  $        --  $(2,854,076)  $        --
   Issuance of common stock, for
        consulting services                 $  .05     4,750,000           47     237,453           --           --            --
   Issuance of common stock, exercise
        of options                             .08       400,000            4      31,996           --           --            --
   Issuance of common stock, exercise
        of options                             .10       190,000            2      18,998           --           --            --
   Net loss, year ended December 31, 1994                     --           --          --           --     (440,837)           --
                                                     -----------  ----------- -----------  -----------  -----------   -----------

Balance, December 31, 1994                           241,616,991        2,416   3,704,517           --   (3,294,913)           --

   Issuance of common stock, exercise
        of options                             .05     3,333,333           33     166,633           --           --            --
   Issuance of common stock, exercise
        of options                             .08     2,092,850           21     167,407           --           --            --
   Issuance of common stock, exercise
        of options                             .10     2,688,600           27     268,833           --           --            --
   Issuance of common stock, for consulting
        services                               .11     1,150,000           12     126,488           --           --            --
   Issuance of common stock, for consulting
        services                               .14       300,000            3      41,997           --           --            --
   Net loss, year ended December 31, 1995                     --           --          --           --     (401,884)           --
                                                     -----------  ----------- -----------  -----------  -----------   -----------
Ralance, December 31, 1995                           251,181,774        2,512   4,475,875           --   (3,696,797)           --
                                                     -----------  ----------- -----------  -----------  -----------   -----------

</TABLE>


                See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-7
<PAGE>   55


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A Development Stage Company)

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2000


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Common Stock                                             Deficit
                                   --------------------------------                               Accumulated
                                   Amount                            Additional                     during the        Deferred
                                    Per                               Paid-In      Subscription    Development     Compensation
                                   Share      Shares     Amount       Capital       Receivable        Stage            Cost
                                   -----   -----------  -----------  -----------   -----------     -----------     -----------
<S>                                <C>     <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>             <C>             <C>
Balance, December 31, 1995                 251,181,774  $     2,512  $ 4,475,875   $        --     $(3,696,797)    $        --
   Issuance of common stock,
        exercise of options         .05      3,333,334           33      166,634            --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        exercise of options         .08      1,158,850           12       92,696            --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        exercise of options         .10      7,163,600           72      716,288            --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        exercise of options         .11        170,000            2       18,698            --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        exercise of options         .12      1,300,000           13      155,987            --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        exercise of options         .18      1,400,000           14      251,986            --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        exercise of options         .19        500,000            5       94,995            --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        exercise of options         .20        473,500            5       94,695            --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        for services rendered       .50        350,000            3      174,997            --              --              --
   Options granted                                  --           --      760,500            --              --        (473,159)
   Subscription receivable                          --           --           --       (19,000)             --              --
   Net loss, year ended
        December 31, 1996                           --           --           --            --      (1,154,740)             --
                                           -----------        -----    ---------       -------      ----------        --------
Balance, December 31, 1996                 267,031,058        2,671    7,003,351       (19,000)     (4,851,537)       (473,159)
                                           -----------        -----    ---------       -------      ----------        --------


</TABLE>

                See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-8
<PAGE>   56

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A Development Stage Company)

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2000


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Common Stock                                             Deficit
                                      ---------------------------------                                Accumulated
                                      Amount                              Additional                    during the      Deferred
                                       Per                                 Paid-In      Subscription    Development   Compensation
                                      Share     Shares         Amount      Capital       Receivable        Stage          Cost
                                      ------  -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                                   <C>     <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>
Balance, December 31, 1996                    267,031,058   $     2,671   $ 7,003,351   $   (19,000)   $(4,851,537)   $  (473,159)
   Issuance of common stock,
        exercise of options             .08     3,333,333            33       247,633            --             --             --
   Issuance of common stock,
        conversion of debt              .20     1,648,352            16       329,984            --             --             --
   Issuance of common stock,
        conversion of debt              .15       894,526             9       133,991            --             --             --
   Issuance of common stock,
        conversion of debt              .12     2,323,580            23       269,977            --             --             --
   Issuance of common stock,
        conversion of debt              .15     1,809,524            18       265,982            --             --             --
   Issuance of common stock,
        conversion of debt              .16       772,201             8       119,992            --             --             --
   Issuance of common stock,
        for services rendered           .41        50,000            --        20,500            --             --             --
   Issuance of common stock,
        for services rendered           .24       100,000             1        23,999            --             --             --
   Beneficial conversion feature,
        February debenture                             --            --       413,793            --             --             --
   Beneficial conversion feature,
        October debenture                              --            --     1,350,000            --             --             --
   Warrant costs, February debenture                   --            --        37,242            --             --             --
   Warrant costs, October debenture                    --            --       291,555            --             --             --
   Amortization of deferred
        compensation cost                              --            --            --            --             --        399,322
   Imputed interest on convertible
        debenture                                      --            --         4,768            --             --             --
   Net loss, year ended
        December 31, 1997                              --            --            --            --     (4,141,729)            --
                                              -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------    -----------
Balance, December 31, 1997                    277,962,574         2,779    10,512,767       (19,000)    (8,993,266)       (73,837)
                                              -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------    -----------

</TABLE>


                See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-9
<PAGE>   57


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A Development Stage Company)

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2000


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Common Stock                                           Deficit
                                   -------------------------------                               Accumulated
                                   Amount                             Additional                 during the         Deferred
                                     Per                                Paid-In   Subscription  Development      Compensation
                                    Share      Shares      Amount       Capital   Receivable        Stage             Cost
                                   ------   -----------   --------   ------------ ------------  ------------    ------------
<S>                                <C>      <C>           <C>        <C>           <C>          <C>             <C>
Balance, December 31, 1997                  277,962,574   $  2,779   $ 10,512,767  $ (19,000)   $ (8,993,266)   $    (73,837)

   Issuance of common stock,
        exercise of options          .12        295,000          3         35,397         --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        exercise of options          .14        500,000          5         69,995         --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        exercise of options          .16        450,000          5         71,995         --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        exercise of options          .20         10,000         --          2,000         --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        exercise of options          .26        300,000          3         77,997         --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        conversion of debt           .13      1,017,011         10        132,990         --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        conversion of debt           .14      2,512,887         25        341,225         --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        conversion of debt           .15      5,114,218         51        749,949         --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        conversion of debt           .18      1,491,485         15        274,985         --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        conversion of debt           .19      3,299,979         33        619,967         --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        conversion of debt           .22      1,498,884         15        335,735         --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        conversion of debt           .23      1,870,869         19        424,981         --              --              --
   Issuance of common stock,
        for services rendered        .21        100,000          1         20,999         --              --              --
   Beneficial conversion feature,
        November debenture                           --         --        625,000         --              --              --
   Warrant costs, November
        debenture                                    --         --         48,094         --              --              --
   Amortization of deferred
        compensation cost                            --         --             --         --              --          59,068
   Write off of subscription
        receivable                                   --         --        (19,000)    19,000              --              --
   Net loss, year ended
        December 31, 1998                            --         --             --         --      (4,557,710)             --
                                            -----------   --------   ------------  ---------    ------------    ------------
Balance, December 31, 1998                  296,422,907      2,964     14,325,076         --     (13,550,976)        (14,769)
                                            -----------   --------   ------------  ---------    ------------    ------------
</TABLE>


                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-10


<PAGE>   58


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A Development Stage Company)

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2000

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Common Stock                             Deficit
                                         --------------------------------                 Accumulated
                                         Amount                              Additional   during the     Deferred     Discount
                                          Per                                  Paid-In    Development   Compensation     on
                                         Share       Shares       Amount       Capital       Stage         Cost        Warrants
                                         ------   -----------   ----------   -----------  ------------  ------------  ----------
<S>                                     <C>       <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>            <C>          <C>
Balance, December 31, 1998                        296,422,907   $    2,964   $14,325,076  $(13,550,976)  $ (14,769)   $       --

   Issuance of common stock,
        securities purchase agreement      .16      4,917,276           49       802,451            --          --            --
   Issuance of common stock,
        securities purchase agreement      .27      1,851,852           18       499,982            --          --            --
   Issuance of common stock,
        for services rendered              .22        100,000            1        21,999            --          --            --
   Issuance of common stock,
        for services rendered              .25        180,000            2        44,998            --          --            --
   Beneficial conversion feature,
        August debenture                                   --           --       687,500            --          --            --
   Beneficial conversion feature,
        December debenture                                 --           --       357,143            --          --            --
   Warrant costs, securities
        purchase agreement                                 --           --       494,138            --          --      (494,138)
   Warrant costs, securities
        purchase agreement                                 --           --        37,025            --          --       (37,025)
   Warrant costs, August debenture                         --           --        52,592            --          --            --
   Warrant costs, December debenture                       --           --         4,285            --          --            --
   Amortization of warrant costs,
        securities purchase agreement                      --           --            --            --          --       102,674
   Amortization of deferred
        compensation cost                                  --           --            --            --      14,769            --
   Compensation expense related to
        modification of existing
        options                                            --           --       210,144            --          --            --
   Net loss, year ended
        December 31, 1999                                  --           --            --    (6,174,262)         --            --
                                                  -----------   ----------   -----------  ------------   ---------    ----------
Balance, December 31, 1999                        303,472,035        3,034    17,537,333   (19,725,238)         --      (428,489)
                                                  -----------   ----------   -----------  ------------   ---------    ----------


</TABLE>

                See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-11
<PAGE>   59

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A Development Stage Company)

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2000



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Common Stock                             Deficit
                                       -------------------------------                  Accumulated
                                       Amount                             Additional    during the      Deferred       Discount
                                         Per                                Paid-In     Development   Compensation       on
                                        Share     Shares      Amount       Capital        Stage           Cost         Warrants
                                       -------  -----------   --------   ------------  ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                    <C>      <C>           <C>        <C>           <C>             <C>           <C>
Balance, December 31, 1999                      303,472,035   $  3,034   $ 17,537,333  $(19,725,238)   $        --   $   (428,489)

Issuance of common stock,
    exercise of options                0.1400       600,000          6         83,994            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    exercise of options                0.1500     1,600,000         16        239,984            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    exercise of options                0.1600       650,000          7        103,994            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    exercise of options                0.1700       100,000          1         16,999            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    exercise of options                0.2100       792,500          8        166,417            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    exercise of options                0.2500     1,000,000         10        246,090            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    exercise of options                0.2700       281,000          3         75,867            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    exercise of options                0.3600       135,000          1         48,599            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    exercise of warrants               0.2040       220,589          2         44,998            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    exercise of warrants               0.2448       220,589          2         53,998            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    exercise of warrants               0.2750        90,909          1         24,999            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    exercise of warrants               0.3300        90,909          1         29,999            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    conversion of debt                 0.1400    35,072,571        351      4,907,146            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    conversion of debt                 0.1900     1,431,785         14        275,535            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    conversion of debt                 0.2000     1,887,500         19        377,481            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    conversion of debt                 0.3600        43,960         --         15,667            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    cashless exercise of warrants                   563,597          6        326,153            --             --             --
Issuance of common stock,
    services rendered                  0.4650       100,000          1         46,499            --             --             --
Private placement of common stock      0.2200    13,636,357        136      2,999,864            --             --             --
Private placement of common stock      0.3024     4,960,317         50      1,499,950            --             --             --
Private placement of common stock      0.4000    13,265,000        133      5,305,867            --             --             --
Cashless exercise of warrants                            --         --       (326,159)           --             --             --
Beneficial conversion feature,
    January Debenture                                    --         --        386,909            --             --             --
Warrant costs, consulting agreement                      --         --        200,249            --             --             --
Warrant costs, January Debenture                         --         --         13,600            --             --             --
Warrant costs, private placement                         --         --      3,346,414            --             --     (3,346,414)
Recovery of subscription receivable
    previously written off                               --         --         19,000            --             --             --
Amortization of warrant costs,
    securities purchase agreements                       --         --             --            --             --        544,163
Compensation expense related to
    modification of existing options                     --         --      1,901,927            --             --             --
Net loss                                                 --         --             --    (9,354,664)            --             --
                                                -----------   --------   ------------  ------------    -----------   ------------
Balance, December 31, 2000                  0   380,214,618   $  3,802   $ 39,969,373  $(29,079,902)   $        --   $ (3,230,740)
                                                ===========   ========   ============  ============    ===========   ============


</TABLE>



                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-12
<PAGE>   60


                         ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                         (A Development Stage Company)

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                                        Inception
                                                                                                                     (February 20,
                                                                                Year Ended December 31,                 1984) to
                                                                      --------------------------------------------    December 31,
                                                                           2000            1999            1998            2000
                                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
<S>                                                                   <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
   Net loss                                                           $ (9,354,664)   $ (6,174,262)   $ (4,557,710)   $(29,079,902)
                                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
   Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
      net cash used by operating activities:
         Depreciation                                                      362,392         230,785         110,120         908,525
         Amortization of debt issue costs                                  106,030         331,250         229,978         779,215
         Amortization of deferred interest cost on beneficial
            conversion feature of convertible debenture                    386,909       1,044,643         835,951       3,820,270
         Amortization of discount on warrants                              611,134         148,262         290,297       1,049,693
         Amortization of discount on warrants - consulting services        230,249              --              --         230,249
         Amortization of deferred compensation cost                             --          14,769          59,068         760,500
         Issuance of common stock for debenture interest                    76,212              --              --          76,212
         Issuance of common stock for services                              46,500          67,000          21,000       1,551,000
         Expenses related to modification of existing options            1,901,927         210,144              --       2,112,071
         Other                                                                  --              --              --          (1,607)
         Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
            Increase in other current assets                                (5,063)        (29,917)         (9,608)        (64,798)
            Increase in inventory                                               --              --              --         (19,729)
            Increase in other assets                                      (278,037)       (440,216)       (247,072)     (1,494,995)
            Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and
               accrued liabilities                                         174,089         449,848         (96,582)        909,161
                                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
                  Total adjustments                                      3,612,342       2,026,568       1,193,152      10,615,767
                                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
                  Net cash used by operating activities                 (5,742,322)     (4,147,694)     (3,364,558)    (18,464,135)
                                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
   Purchase of investments                                                      --              --        (915,047)     (6,292,979)
   Proceeds from sale of investments                                            --         821,047       3,078,902       6,292,979
   Acquisition of property and equipment                                  (917,471)       (407,150)       (451,734)     (2,468,221)
   Proceeds from sale of property and equipment                                 --              --              --           1,200
                                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
                  Net cash provided (used) by investing activities        (917,471)        413,897       1,712,121      (2,467,021)
                                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
   Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt                            1,000,000       3,000,000       1,500,000       9,500,000
   Proceeds from deposit on securities purchase agreement                       --              --         600,000         600,000
   Proceeds from sale of securities, net of issuance costs              10,835,970         702,500         257,400      16,917,058
   Payments under capital lease                                            (50,324)        (41,986)        (16,602)       (108,912)
   Payments on note payable                                                (19,096)        (14,261)             --         (33,357)
   Recovery of subscription receivable written off                          19,000              --              --          19,000
                                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
                  Net cash provided by financing activities             11,785,550       3,646,253       2,340,798      26,893,789
                                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents                     5,125,757         (87,544)        688,361       5,962,633

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning                                       836,876         924,420         236,059              --
                                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Ending                                     $  5,962,633    $    836,876    $    924,420    $  5,962,633
                                                                      ============    ============    ============    ============

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Financing Activities:
   Cash paid during the year for interest                             $     36,681    $    118,870    $      6,042
                                                                      ============    ============    ============

   During 2000, the Company purchased equipment
      under a capital lease totaling $13,197

</TABLE>


                                      F-13
<PAGE>   61

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                           DECEMBER 31, 2000 AND 1999



NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         BUSINESS

         Advanced Viral Research Corp. (the Company) was incorporated in
         Delaware on July 31, 1985. The Company was organized for the purpose of
         manufacturing and marketing a pharmaceutical product named Reticulose
         (the current formulation of which is now known as and hereinafter
         referred to as "Product R"). While the Company has had limited sales of
         this product, primarily for research purposes, the success of the
         Company will be dependent upon obtaining certain regulatory approval
         for its pharmaceutical product, Product R, to commence commercial
         operations.

         PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

         The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
         Company and its 99.6% owned subsidiary, Advance Viral Research, Ltd.
         (LTD), a Bahamian Corporation. All significant intercompany accounts
         have been eliminated.

         DEVELOPMENT STAGE ENTERPRISE

         As described above, the Company was incorporated on July 31, 1985, and,
         since that time, has been primarily involved in organizational
         activities, research and development activities, and raising capital.
         Planned operations, as described above, have not commenced to any
         significant extent. Accordingly, the Company is considered to be in the
         development stage, and the accompanying consolidated financial
         statements represent those of a development stage enterprise.

         CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

         Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments (money fund),
         with original maturities of three months or less.

         INVESTMENTS

         At December 31, 2000 and 1999, investments consist of a money fund,
         which is reported at fair value.

         PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

         Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed
         using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
         assets. Gain or loss on disposition of assets is recognized currently.
         Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Major
         replacements and betterments are capitalized and depreciated over the
         remaining useful lives of the assets.



                                      F-14
<PAGE>   62

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

         Research and development costs are expensed as incurred by the Company.

         INCOME TAXES

         The Company accounts for its income taxes using Statement of Financial
         Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109, ACCOUNTING FOR INCOME TAXES, which
         requires recognition of deferred tax liabilities and assets for
         expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in
         the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred
         tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the differences
         between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities
         using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences
         are expected to reverse.

         ESTIMATED FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

         The information set forth below provides disclosure of the estimated
         fair value of the Company's financial instruments presented in
         accordance with the requirements of Statement of Financial Accounting
         Standards (SFAS) No. 107. Fair value estimates discussed herein are
         based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information
         available to management as of December 31, 2000 and 1999. Since the
         reported fair values of financial instruments are based upon a variety
         of factors, they may not represent actual values that could have been
         realized as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 or that will be realized in
         the future.

         The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial
         instruments approximated their fair values. These financial instruments
         include cash, a money fund, accounts payable and the convertible
         debentures. Fair values were assumed to approximate carrying values for
         these financial instruments since they are short-term in nature and
         their carrying amounts approximate fair values or they are receivable
         or payable on demand.

         CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISk

         Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
         concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash. At various
         times during the year, the Company had cash balances in excess of
         federally insured limits. The Company maintains its cash, which
         consists primarily of demand deposits, with high quality financial
         institutions, which the Company believes limits this risk.

         STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

         The Company has elected to follow Accounting Principles Board Opinion
         No. 25, ACCOUNTING FOR STOCK ISSUED TO EMPLOYEES (APB No. 25), and
         related interpretations, in accounting for its employee stock options
         rather than the alternative fair value accounting allowed by SFAS No.

                                      F-15
<PAGE>   63


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

         123, ACCOUNTING FOR STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION. APB No. 25 provides that
         the compensation expense relative to the Company's employee stock
         options is measured based on the intrinsic value of the stock option.
         SFAS No. 123 requires companies that continue to follow APB No. 25 to
         provide a pro-forma disclosure of the impact of applying the fair value
         method of SFAS No. 123.

         The Company follows SFAS No. 123 in accounting for stock options issued
         to non-employees.

         NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE

         The Company computes loss per share in accordance with SFAS No. 128,
         EARNINGS PER SHARE. This standard requires dual presentation of basic
         and diluted earnings per share on the face of the income statement for
         all entities with complex capital structures and requires a
         reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the diluted earnings
         per share computation.

         Net loss per common share (basic and diluted) is based on the net loss
         divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
         during the year. The Company's potentially issuable shares of common
         stock pursuant to outstanding stock options are excluded from the
         Company's diluted computation, as their effect would be anti-dilutive.

         REVENUE RECOGNITION

         The limited sales generated by the Company have consisted of sales of
         Product R for testing and other purposes. The Company records sales
         when the product is shipped to customers.

         RECLASSIFICATIONS

         Certain amounts in the 1998 and 1999 financial statements have been
         reclassified to conform to 2000 presentation.

         USE OF ESTIMATES

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
         accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
         and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial
         statements and accompanying notes. Although these estimates are based
         on management's knowledge of current events and actions it may
         undertake in the future, they may ultimately differ from actual
         results.


                                      F-16
<PAGE>   64


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

         In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No.
         133, ACCOUNTING FOR DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES. SFAS
         No. 133 requires companies to recognize all derivatives contracts as
         either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet and to measure them
         at fair value. If certain conditions are met, a derivative may be
         specifically designated as a hedge, the objective of which is to match
         the timing of the gain or loss recognition on the hedging derivative
         with the recognition of (i) the changes in the fair value of the hedged
         asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk or (ii) the
         earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transaction. For a derivative
         not designated as a hedging instrument, the gain or loss is recognized
         in income in the period of change. On June 30, 1999, the FASB issued
         SFAS No. 137, ACCOUNTING FOR DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING
         ACTIVITIES - DEFERRAL OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF FASB STATEMENT NO. 133.
         In June 2000, the FASB issued SFAS No. 138, Accounting for Certain
         Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities and Amendment of
         SFAS No. 133. SFAS No. 133 as amended by SFAS No. 137 and SFAS No. 138
         is effective for all fiscal quarters of fiscal years beginning after
         June 15, 2000.

         Historically, the Company has not entered into derivatives contracts to
         hedge existing risks or for speculative purposes. Accordingly, the
         Company does not expect adoption of the new standards to affect its
         financial statements.


NOTE 2. LIQUIDITY

         The Company has suffered accumulated net losses of approximately
         $29,000,000 during its history. The Company is dependent upon
         registration of Product R for sale before it can begin commercial
         operations. The Company's cash position may be inadequate to pay all
         the costs associated with the full range of testing and clinical trials
         required by the FDA. Unless and until Product R is approved for sale in
         the United States or another industrially developed country, the
         Company will be dependent upon the continued sale of its securities,
         debt or equity financing for funds to meet its cash requirements.

         During November and December 2000, the Company completed several
         private placements of its securities under securities purchase
         agreements in which it received cash proceeds of $6,806,000. In
         February 2001, the Company entered into a private equity line of credit
         agreement to sell up to $50,000,000 of common stock, which it
         anticipates realizing during 2001 (see Note 6).

         Management believes that cash flows from sales of securities and from
         current financing arrangements will be sufficient to fund operations
         for the next year. Management intends to continue to sell the Company's
         securities in an attempt to meet its cash flow requirements; however,
         no assurance can be given that equity or debt financing, if and when
         required, will be available.



                                      F-17
<PAGE>   65


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 3.  ACQUISITION

         Two of the principal stockholders of the Company acquired LTD, a
         Bahamian Corporation with pharmaceutical manufacturing and warehousing
         facilities, on February 20, 1984. The acquisition is a combination of
         two entities under common control and has been accounted for in a
         manner similar to a pooling of interests. In 1986, the Company acquired
         from LTD exclusive rights to manufacture and market Reticulose
         (currently referred to as Product R) worldwide, except within the
         Bahamas, for $50,000. The Company also purchased inventory of Product R
         from LTD for $45,000 and was obligated to pay $3 per ampule of Product
         R for the initial 100,000 ampules purchased and $2 per ampule for
         purchases exceeding 100,000 ampules. On December 16, 1987, the Company
         acquired the controlling beneficial interest in 99.6% of the common
         stock of LTD through an appropriate trust agreement to satisfy the
         rules of the Bahamian Government, from two of the principal
         stockholders of the Company. Both stockholders concurrently canceled
         $86,565 of indebtedness due them from LTD.


NOTE 4.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                ESTIMATED USEFUL
                                                 LIVES (YEARS)             2000            1999
                                                ----------------           ----            ----
<S>                                                    <C>              <C>             <C>
          Land and improvements                        15               $   34,550      $   34,550
          Building and improvements                    30                  896,720         483,865
          Machinery and equipment                       5                1,918,693       1,400,880
                                                                        ----------      ----------
                                                                         2,849,963       1,919,295
          Less accumulated depreciation                                    905,764         543,372
                                                                        ----------      ----------
                                                                        $1,944,199      $1,375,923
                                                                        ==========      ==========
</TABLE>

         The Company maintains certain property and equipment in Freeport,
         Bahamas. This property and equipment amounted to $402,694 as of
         December 31, 2000 and $385,087 as of December 31, 1999 including
         $17,623 expended in 1987 to purchase a land lease expiring in 2068.
         Included with machinery and equipment is $13,197 and $38,645 of
         equipment purchased under capital leases during 2000 and 1999,
         respectively. Depreciation expense for equipment under the capital
         leases was approximately $7,729 and $47,040 in 2000 and 1999,
         respectively. These amounts are included above.


NOTE 5.  OTHER ASSETS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         2000          1999
                                                                       --------      --------
<S>                                                                    <C>           <C>
          Patent development costs                                     $715,655      $517,816
          Loan costs, net of accumulated amortization of $779,215        80,198            --
          Other                                                          51,496        51,496
                                                                       --------      --------
                                                                       $847,349      $569,312
                                                                       ========      ========
</TABLE>

                                      F-18
<PAGE>   66


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 5.  OTHER ASSETS (Continued)

         Patent development costs are capitalized as incurred. Loan costs
         include fees paid in connection with the February 2001 private equity
         line of credit agreement and will be amortized over the life of the
         agreement (see Note 6).


NOTE 6.  SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS

         CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES

         In February 1997 and October 1997, in order to finance research and
         development, the Company sold $1,000,000 and $3,000,000, respectively,
         principal amount of its ten-year 7% Convertible Debentures (the
         "February Debenture" and the "October Debenture", collectively, the
         "Debentures") due February 28, 2007 and August 30, 2007, respectively,
         to RBB Bank Aktiengesellschaft ("RBB") in offshore transactions
         pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
         Accrued interest under the Debentures was payable semi-annually,
         computed at the rate of 7% per annum on the unpaid principal balance
         from the date of issuance until the date of interest payment. The
         Debentures were convertible, at the option of the holder, into shares
         of Common Stock pursuant to specified formulas. On April 22, 1997, June
         6, 1997, July 3, 1997 and August 20, 1997, pursuant to notice by the
         holder, RBB, to the Company under the February Debenture, $330,000,
         $134,000, $270,000 and $266,000, respectively, of the principal amount
         of the February Debenture was converted into 1,648,352, 894,526,
         2,323,580 and 1,809,524 shares of the Common Stock, respectively. As of
         August 20, 1997, the February Debenture was fully converted. On
         December 9, 1997, January 7, 1998, January 14, 1998, February 19, 1998,
         February 23, 1998, March 31, 1998, May 4, 1998 and May 5, 1998,
         pursuant to notice by the holder, RBB, to the Company, $120,000,
         $133,000, $341,250, $750,000, $335,750, $425,000, $275,000 and
         $620,000, respectively, of the October Debenture was converted into
         772,201, 1,017,011, 2,512,887, 5,114,218, 1,498,884, 1,870,869,
         1,491,485 and 3,299,979 Common Stock, respectively. As of May 5, 1998,
         the October Debenture was fully converted.

         In connection with the issuance of the February Debenture, the Company
         issued to RBB three warrants (the "February Warrants") to purchase
         common stock, each such February Warrant entitling the holder to
         purchase, from February 21, 1997 through February 28, 2007, 178,378
         shares of common stock. The exercise price of the three February
         Warrants was $0.288, $0.576 and $0.864 per warrant share, respectively.
         The fair value of the February Warrants were estimated to be $37,242
         ($.209 per warrant), $19,196 ($.108 per warrant), and $9,946 ($.056 per
         warrant), respectively, based upon a financial analysis of the terms of
         the warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model. This amount has
         been reflected in the accompanying financial statements as interest
         expense related to the convertible February Debenture. Based on the
         terms for conversion associated with the February Debenture, there was
         an intrinsic value associated with the beneficial conversion feature of
         $413,793. This amount has been fully amortized to interest expense with
         a corresponding credit to additional paid-in capital.



                                      F-19
<PAGE>   67


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 6.  SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (Continued)

         In connection with the issuance of the October Debenture, the Company
         issued to RBB three warrants (the "October Warrants") to purchase
         Common Stock, each such October Warrant entitling the holder to
         purchase, from the date of grant through August 30, 2007, 600,000
         shares of the Common Stock. The exercise price of the three October
         Warrants was $0.20, $0.23 and $0.27 per warrant share, respectively.
         The fair value of the three October Warrants was established to be
         $106,571 ($.178 per warrant), $97,912 ($.163 per warrant) and $87,472
         ($.146 per warrant), respectively, based upon a financial analysis of
         the terms of the warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model. This
         amount has been reflected in the accompanying financial statements as a
         discount on the convertible debenture, with a corresponding credit to
         additional paid-in capital, and is being amortized over the expected
         term of the notes, which at December 31, 1997 was 120 months. In May
         1998, the remaining unamortized discount of $276,957 was amortized upon
         full conversion of the October Debenture.

         Based on the terms for conversion associated with the October
         Debenture, there was an intrinsic value associated with the beneficial
         conversion feature of $1,350,000. This amount has been treated as
         deferred interest expense and recorded as a reduction of the
         convertible debenture liability with a corresponding credit to
         additional paid-in capital and has been amortized to interest expense
         over the period from October 8, 1997 (date of debenture) to February
         24, 1998 (date the debenture was fully convertible). The interest
         expense relative to this item was $210,951 for 1998 and $1,139,049 for
         1997.

         In November 1998, in order to finance further research and development,
         the Company sold $1,500,000 principal amount of its ten year 7%
         Convertible Debenture (the "November Debenture") due October 31, 2008,
         to RBB. Accrued interest under the November Debenture is payable
         semi-annually, computed at the rate of 7% per annum on the unpaid
         principal balance from the date of the issuance of the November
         Debenture until the date of interest payment. The November Debenture
         may be prepaid by the Company before maturity, in whole or in part,
         without premium or penalty, if the Company gives the holder of the
         Debenture notice not less than 30 days before the date fixed for
         prepayment in that notice. The November Debenture was convertible, at
         the option of the holder, into shares of common stock.

         On January 19, 2000 and March 7, 2000 pursuant to notice by the holder,
         RBB, to the Company under the November Debenture, $1,122,500 and
         $377,500, respectively, of the principal amount of the November
         Debenture was converted into 8,252,746 and 1,887,500 shares of the
         common stock, respectively. As of March 7, 2000, the November Debenture
         was fully converted.

         In connection with the issuance of the November Debenture, the Company
         issued to RBB two warrants (the "November Warrants") to purchase Common
         Stock, each such November Warrant entitling the holder to purchase
         375,000 shares of the Common Stock at any time and from time to time
         through October 31, 2008. The exercise price of the two November
         Warrants was $.20 and $.24 per warrant share, respectively. The fair
         value of the November



                                      F-20
<PAGE>   68


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 6.  SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (Continued)

         warrants was estimated to be $48,000 ($.064 per warrant) based upon a
         financial analysis of the terms of the warrants using the Black-Scholes
         Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of
         20%; a risk free interest rate of 5.75% and an expected holding period
         of one year. This amount is being amortized to interest expense in the
         accompanying consolidated financial statements.

         Based on the terms for conversion associated with the November
         Debenture, there was an intrinsic value associated with the beneficial
         conversion feature of $625,000. This amount has been recorded as
         interest expense in 1998.

         In August 1999, in order to finance further research and development,
         the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement to issue an
         aggregate of 20 units, each unit consisting of $100,000 principal
         amount of the Company's 7% convertible debenture (the "August
         Debenture") due August 3, 2009 to Focus Investors LLC ("Focus").
         Accrued interest under the August Debenture is payable semi-annually,
         computed at the rate of 7% on the unpaid principal balance from the
         date of issuance until the date of the interest payment. No payment of
         the principal of the August Debenture may be made prior to the maturity
         date without the consent of the holder. The August Debenture was
         convertible, at the option of the holder, into shares of common stock.
         On January 19, 2000, February 17, 2000 and March 3, 2000 pursuant to
         notice by the holder, Focus, to the Company under the August Debenture,
         $300,000, $900,000 and $800,000, respectively, of the principal amount
         of the August Debenture was converted into 2,178,155, 6,440,735 and
         5,729,967 shares of the common stock, respectively. As of March 3, 2000
         the November Debenture was fully converted.

         In connection with the issuance of the August Debenture, the Company
         issued to Focus one warrant (the "August Warrant") to purchase Common
         Stock, such August Warrant entitling the holder to purchase 1,000,000
         shares of the Common Stock at any time and from time to time through
         August 3, 2004. The exercise price of the August Warrant was $.2461 per
         warrant share. The fair value of the August Warrants was estimated to
         be $52,592 ($.0526 per warrant share) based upon a financial analysis
         of the terms of the warrant using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with
         the following assumptions: expected volatility of 20%; a risk free
         interest rate of 5.75% and an expected holding period of five years.
         This amount is being amortized to interest expense in the accompanying
         consolidated financial statements.

         Based on the terms for conversion associated with the August Debenture,
         there was an intrinsic value associated with the beneficial conversion
         feature of $687,500. This amount has been recorded as interest expense
         in 1999.

         In December 1999, in order to finance further research and development,
         the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement to sell
         $2,000,000 principal amount of the Company's 7% convertible debenture
         (the December Debenture) due December 28, 2009 to Endeavour Capital
         ("Endeavour"). Accrued interest under the December Debenture was



                                      F-21
<PAGE>   69


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 6.  SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (Continued)

         payable semi-annually, computed at the rate of 7% on the unpaid
         principal balance from the date of issuance until the date of the
         interest payment. No payment of the principal of the December Debenture
         may be made prior to the maturity date without the consent of the
         holder. The December Debenture was convertible, at the option of the
         holder, into shares of common stock. During 1999, $1,000,000 of these
         debentures was sold. The remaining $1,000,000 was not available until
         the shares underlying the first $1,000,000 were registered. Such
         registration statement was declared effective in January 2000 and the
         remaining $1,000,000 transaction was consummated.

         On January 27, 2000, February 22, 2000, February 23, 2000, February 24,
         2000, February 29, 2000 and October 25, 2000 pursuant to notice by the
         holder, Endeavour, to the Company under the December Debenture,
         $150,000, $135,000, $715,000, $785,000, $200,000 and $15,000,
         respectively, of the principal amount of the December Debenture was
         converted into 1,105,435, 988,913, 5,149,035, 5,622,696, 1,036,674 and
         43,960 shares of the common stock, respectively.

         In connection with the issuance of the first $1,000,000 of the December
         Debenture, the Company issued to Endeavour warrants (the December
         Warrants) to purchase Common Stock, such December Warrant entitling the
         holder to purchase 100,000 shares of the Common Stock at any time and
         from time to time through December 31, 2002. The exercise price of the
         December Warrant was $.19 per warrant share. The fair value of the
         December Warrants was estimated to be $4,285 ($.0429 per warrant share)
         based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the warrant using the
         Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected
         volatility of 20%; a risk free interest rate of 6% and an expected
         holding period of three years. This amount has been amortized to
         interest expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

         Based on the terms for conversion associated with the first $1,000,000
         of the December Debenture, there was an intrinsic value associated with
         the beneficial conversion feature of $357,143. This amount has been
         recorded as interest expense in 1999.

         In connection with the issuance of the second $1,000,000 of the
         December Debenture, the Company issued to Endeavour warrants (the
         December Warrants) to purchase Common Stock, such December Warrants
         entitling the holder to purchase 110,000 shares of the Common Stock at
         any time and from time to time through December 31, 2002. The exercise
         price of the December Warrant was $.20 per warrant share. The fair
         value of the December Warrants was estimated to be $13,600 ($.136 per
         warrant share) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the
         warrant using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following
         assumptions: expected volatility of 90%; a risk free interest rate of
         6% and an expected holding period of three years. This amount has been
         amortized to interest expense in the accompanying consolidated
         financial statements.



                                      F-22
<PAGE>   70


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 6.  SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (Continued)

         Based on the terms for conversion associated with the second $1,000,000
         of the December Debenture, there was an intrinsic value associated with
         the beneficial conversion feature of $386,909. This amount has been
         recorded as interest expense in 2000.

         A summary of the outstanding convertible debentures is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              December 31,      December 31,
                                                                  2000              1999
                                                              -------------      ----------
<S>                                                           <C>                <C>
          Unpaid principal balance of November debenture      $          --      $1,500,000
          Unpaid principal balance of August debenture                   --       2,000,000
          Unpaid principal balance of December debenture                 --       1,000,000
                                                              -------------      ----------
                                                                         --       4,500,000
          Less unamortized discount                                      --          53,371
                                                              -------------      ----------
          Convertible debentures, net                         $          --      $4,446,629
                                                              =============      ==========
</TABLE>

         OTHER

         In January 1999, pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, the
         Company issued 4,917,276 shares of its common stock for an aggregate
         purchase price of $802,500. Such agreement also provided for the
         issuance of four warrants to purchase a total of 2,366,788 shares of
         common stock at prices ranging from $.204 to $.2448 per share at any
         time until December 31, 2003. The fair value of these warrants was
         estimated to be $494,138 ($.209 per warrant) based upon a financial
         analysis of the terms of the warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing
         Model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 20%; a
         risk free interest rate of 6% and an expected holding period of five
         years. This amount is being amortized to interest expense in the
         accompanying consolidated financial statements. As of September 30,
         2000, 441,178 shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the
         exercise of these warrants for an aggregate exercise price of
         approximately $99,000.

         On June 23, 1999, the Company entered into a securities purchase
         agreement with certain individuals whereby the Company issued 1,851,852
         shares of its common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $500,000.
         These proceeds were received in July 1999. Such agreement also provided
         for the issuance of warrants to purchase an aggregate of 925,926 shares
         of common stock at any time until June 30, 2004. The fair value of
         these warrants was estimated to be $37,000 ($.04 per warrant) based
         upon a financial analysis of the terms of the warrants using the
         Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected
         volatility of 20%; a risk free interest rate of 5.75% and an expected
         holding period of five years. This amount is being amortized to
         interest expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

         Pursuant to a securities purchase agreement with Harbor View Group and
         other various purchasers, dated February 16, 2000, the Company received
         $3,000,000 on March 9, 2000 in exchange for 13,636,357 shares of common
         stock.


                                      F-23
<PAGE>   71


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 6.  SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         OTHER (Continued)

         Additionally, in connection with the above described securities
         purchase agreement, the Company issued warrants to purchase an
         aggregate of 5,454,544 shares of common stock. Fifty percent (50%) of
         the warrants are exercisable at $0.275 per share and fifty percent
         (50%) of the warrants are exercisable at $0.33 per share, until
         February 28, 2005. The fair value of these warrants was estimated to be
         $1,582,734 ($0.295 and $0.285 per warrant share) based upon a financial
         analysis of the terms of the warrant using the Black-Scholes Pricing
         Model with the following assumptions; expected volatility of 90%; a
         risk free interest rate of 6% and an expected holding period of five
         years. This amount is being amortized to interest expense in the
         accompanying consolidated financial statements. As of December 31,
         2000, 181,818 shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the
         exercise of these warrants for an aggregate exercise price of
         approximately $55,000.

         On November 8, 2000, the Company entered into a securities purchase
         agreement with Harbor View Group, Inc. and various other purchasers,
         whereby the Company authorized the issuance and sale of up to
         50,000,000 shares of common stock in a private offering transaction at
         a purchase price of $.40 per share. As of December 31, 2000, 13,265,000
         shares were issued for a purchase price of $5,306,000.

         Such agreement also provided for the issuance of warrants to purchase
         an aggregate of 30,000,000 shares of common stock, half at an exercise
         price of $.48 and half at an exercise price of $.56. As of December 31,
         2000, 7,959,000 warrants had been issued (3,979,500 at $.48 and
         3,979,500 at $.56) exercisable at any time until November 8, 2005. The
         fair value of these warrants was estimated to be $1,763,680 ($.222 per
         warrant) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the warrants
         using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
         expected volatility of 80%; a risk free interest rate of 6% and an
         expected holding period of five years. This amount is being amortized
         to interest expense in the accompanying consolidated financial
         statements. The Company paid a fee of $265,300 relative to this
         agreement, which has been charged to interest expense in the
         accompanying consolidated financial statements.

         On November 16, 2000, the Company entered into a securities purchase
         agreement with Roseworth Group, Ltd., whereby the Company agreed to
         sell 4,960,317 shares of its common stock at a price of $.3024 per
         share for an aggregate purchase price of $1,500,000. The Company
         received such proceeds in November 2000.

         PRIVATE EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT

         On February 9, 2001, the Company entered into an equity line of credit
         agreement with Cornell Capital Partners, LP, an institutional investor,
         to sell up to $50,000,000 of the Company's common stock. Under such
         agreement, the Company may exercise "put options" to sell shares for
         certain prices based on certain average trading prices. Upon signing
         this agreement, the Company issued to its placement agent, May Davis
         Group, Inc., and certain



                                      F-24
<PAGE>   72


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 6.  SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT (Continued)

         investors, Class A warrants to purchase an aggregate of 5,000,000
         shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.00 per share,
         exercisable in part or whole until February 9, 2006, and Class B
         warrants to purchase an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of common stock
         at an exercise price equal to the greater of $1.00 or 110% of the bid
         price on the applicable advance date. Such Class B warrants are
         exercisable pro rata with respect to the number of warrant shares as
         determined by the fraction of the advance payable on that date as the
         numerator and $20,000,000 as the denominator multiplied by 5,000,000
         until sixty months from the date of issuance.


NOTE 7.  NOTE PAYABLE

         During 1999, the Company entered into an installment purchase agreement
         for equipment totaling $123,600. The agreement is collateralized by the
         equipment and calls for monthly installments of $2,476 at 12% per annum
         for 60 months, commencing in March 1999 and expiring in February 2004.

         The aggregate maturities of the installment purchase agreement are as
         follows:

          Year ending December 31:
             2001                                      $21,517
             2002                                       24,246
             2003                                       27,521
             2004                                        4,679
                                                       -------
                                                        77,963
          Less current portion                          21,517
                                                       -------
          Note payable - long-term portion             $56,446
                                                       =======


NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

         GENERAL

         POTENTIAL CLAIM FOR ROYALTIES

         The Company may be subject to claims from certain third parties for
         royalties due on sale of Product R. The Company has not as yet received
         any notice of claim from such parties.

         PRODUCT LIABILITY

         The Company is unaware of any claims or threatened claims since Product
         R was initially marketed in the 1940's; however, one study noted
         adverse reactions from highly concentrated doses in guinea pigs.
         Therefore, the Company could be subjected to claims for adverse
         reactions resulting from the use of Product R. In the event any claims
         for substantial amounts


                                      F-25
<PAGE>   73


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         GENERAL (Continued)

         PRODUCT LIABILITY (Continued)

         were successful, they could have a material adverse effect on the
         Company's financial condition and on the marketability of Product R. As
         of the date hereof, the Company does not have product liability
         insurance for Product R. There can be no assurance that the Company
         will be able to secure such insurance in adequate amounts or at
         reasonable premiums if it determined to do so. Should the Company be
         unable to secure such product liability insurance, the risk of loss to
         the Company in the event of claims would be greatly increased and could
         have a material adverse effect on the Company.

         LACK OF PATENT PROTECTION

         The Company has three issued patents and two allowed patents for the
         use of Product R. The Company currently has 15 patent applications
         pending with the U.S. Patent Office and 17 foreign patent applications.
         The Company can give no assurance that other companies, having greater
         economic resources, will not be successful in developing a similar
         product. There can be no assurance that such patents, if obtained, will
         be enforceable.

         TESTING AGREEMENTS

         PLATA PARTNERS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

         On March 20, 1992, the Company entered into an agreement with Plata
         Partners Limited Partnership ("Plata") pursuant to which Plata agreed
         to perform a demonstration in the Dominican Republic in accordance with
         a certain agreed upon protocol (the "Protocol") to assess the efficacy
         of a treatment using Product R incorporated in the Protocol against
         AIDS (the "Plata Agreement"). Plata covered all costs and expenses
         associated with the demonstration.

         Pursuant to the Plata Agreement, the Company authorized the issuance to
         Plata of 5,000,000 shares of common stock and options to purchase an
         additional 5,000,000 shares at $.08 per share through July 9, 1994 (the
         "Plata Options") and 5,000,000 shares at $.10 per share through July 9,
         1994 (the "Additional Plata Options"). Pursuant to several amendments,
         the Plata Options and the Additional Plata Options were exercisable
         through June 30, 2000 at an exercise price of $.15 and $.17,
         respectively. The fair value of these options was estimated to be
         $32,925 ($.0348 per option share) based upon a financial analysis of
         the terms of the options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the
         following assumptions: expected volatility of 20%; risk free interest
         rate of 6%. This amount has been charged to compensation expense at
         December 31, 1999 as it related to services previously provided.
         Through December 31, 2000, the Company has received approximately
         $1,422,000 pursuant to the issuance of approximately 9.8 million shares
         in connection with the exercise of the Plata Options and the Additional
         Plata Options.


                                      F-26
<PAGE>   74


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         TESTING AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         ARGENTINE AGREEMENT

         In April 1996, the Company entered into an agreement (the "Argentine
         Agreement") with DCT SRL, an Argentine corporation unaffiliated with
         the Company ("DCT") pursuant to which DCT was to cause a clinical trial
         to be conducted in two separate hospitals located in Buenos Aires,
         Argentina (the "Clinical Trials"). Pursuant to the Argentine Agreement,
         the Clinical Trials were to be conducted pursuant to a protocol
         developed by Juan Carlos Flichman, M.D. and the purpose of the Clinical
         Trials was to assess the efficacy of the Company's drug Product R on
         the Human Papilloma Virus (HPV). The protocol calls for, among other
         things, a study to be performed with clinical and laboratory follow-up
         on 12 male and female human patients between the ages of 18 and 50.

         Pursuant to the Argentine Agreement, the Company delivered $34,000 to
         DCT to cover out-of-pocket expenses associated with the Clinical
         Trials. The Argentine Agreement further provides that at the conclusion
         of the Clinical Trials, DCT shall cause Dr. Flichman to prepare and
         deliver a written report to the Company regarding the methodology and
         results of the Clinical Trials (the "Written Report"). In September
         1996, Dr. Flichman delivered the Written Report to the Company. Upon
         delivery of the Written Report to the Company, the Company delivered to
         the principals of DCT options to acquire 2,000,000 shares of the
         Company's common stock for a period of one year from the date of the
         delivery of the Written Report, at a purchase price of $.20 per share.
         Pursuant to several amendments, the DCT options were exercisable
         through June 30, 2000 at an exercise price of $.21 per share. The fair
         value of these options was estimated to be $1,788 ($.0012 per option
         share) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the options
         using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
         expected volatility of 20%; risk free interest rate of 6%. This amount
         has been charged to compensation expense at December 31, 1999 as it
         related to services previously provided. Effective July 1, 2000, these
         options were extended to December 31, 2000 at an exercise price of $.22
         per share. As a result of the modification of the option terms, the
         fair value of these options was estimated to be $166,860 ($.2273 per
         option share) based on a financial analysis of the terms of the options
         using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
         expected volatility of 50%; risk free interest rate of 6%. This amount
         has been charged to expense related to modification of existing option
         terms during the year ended December 31, 2000. Effective December 31,
         2000, these options were extended to December 31, 2001 at an exercise
         price of $.24 per share. As a result of the modification of the option
         terms, the fair value of these options was estimated to be $108,429
         ($.1457 per option share) based on a financial analysis of the terms of
         the options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following
         assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; risk free interest rate of 6%.
         This amount has been charged to expense related to modification of
         existing option terms during the year ended December 31, 2000. As of
         December 31, 2000, 1,256,000 shares of common stock were issued
         pursuant to the exercise of these options for an aggregate exercise
         price of approximately $261,500.



                                      F-27
<PAGE>   75


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         TESTING AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         ARGENTINE AGREEMENT (Continued)

         In June 1994, DCT SRL and the Company entered into an exclusive
         distribution agreement whereby the Company granted to DCT, subject to
         certain conditions, the exclusive right to market and sell Product R in
         Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay, Brazil, and Chile (the "DCT
         Exclusive Distribution Agreement").

         In April 1996, the Company entered into an agreement with DCT (the
         HIV-HPV Agreement") whereby the Company agreed to provide to DCT or its
         assignees, up to $600,000 to cover the costs of a double blind placebo
         controlled study in approximately 150 patients to assess the efficacy
         of Product R for the treatment of persons diagnosed with the HIV virus
         (AIDS) and HPV (the "HIV-HPV Study"). Subsequently, the Company has
         agreed to advance additional funds towards such study. In connection
         with the HIV-HPV Agreement, the Company advanced approximately
         $665,000, which was accounted for as research and development expense.
         The amounts have been used to cover expenses associated with clinical
         activities of the HIV-HPV Study. The HIV-HPV Agreement provides that
         (i) in the event the data from the HIV-HPV Study is used in connection
         with Product R being approved for commercial sale anywhere within the
         territory granted under the DCT Exclusive Distribution Agreement or
         (ii) DCT receives financing to cover the costs of the HIV-HPV Study,
         then DCT is obligated to reimburse the Company for all amounts expended
         in connection with the HIV-HPV Study.

         In October 1997, the Company entered into two agreements with DCT,
         whereby the Company agreed to provide DCT or its assignees, up to
         $220,000 and $341,000 to cover the costs of double blind placebo
         controlled studies in approximately 360 and 240 patients, respectively,
         to assess the efficacy of the topical application of Product R for the
         treatment of persons diagnosed with Herpes Labialis/Genital Infections
         (the "Herpes Study") and HPV (the "HPV Topical Study").

         In connection with the Herpes Study and the HPV Topical Study
         (collectively, the "Studies"), the Company advanced approximately
         $58,000 and $132,000, respectively. Such expenses were accounted for as
         research and development expense. The amounts expended have been used
         to cover expenses associated with pre-clinical activities. Neither the
         Herpes Study nor the HPV Topical Study has commenced. Both Agreements
         with DCT provide that (i) in the event the data from the Studies are
         used in connection with Product R being approved for commercial sale
         anywhere within the territory granted under the DCT Exclusive
         Distribution Agreement or (ii), DCT receives financing to cover the
         costs of the Studies, then DCT is obligated to reimburse the Company
         for all amounts expended in connection with the Studies.



                                      F-28
<PAGE>   76


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         TESTING AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         ARGENTINE AGREEMENT (Continued)

         In February 1998, the Company entered into an agreement with DCT (the
         "Concurrent Agreement") whereby the Company agreed to provide DCT or
         its assignees, up to $413,000 to cover the costs of a study in 65
         patients to compare the results of treatment of patients with AIDS
         taking a three drug cocktail and Product R with those taking a three
         drug cocktail and a placebo. As of December 31, 2000, the Company
         advanced approximately $50,000 for such study, which has been accounted
         for as research and development expense.

         In May 1998, the Company entered into an agreement with DCT (the
         "Rheumatoid Arthritis Agreement") whereby the Company agreed to provide
         DCT or its assignees, up to $95,000 to cover the costs of a controlled
         study in 30 patients to determine the efficacy of Product R for the
         treatment of rheumatoid arthritis in humans. In connection with this
         study, the Company advanced approximately $95,000, which has been
         accounted for as research and development expense.

         In July 1998, the Company authorized expenditures of up to $90,000 to
         study the effects of Product R in inhibiting the mutation of the AIDS
         virus. As of December 31, 2000, the Company advanced approximately
         $70,000 for such study, which has been accounted for as research and
         development expense.

         As of December 31, 2000, the Company advanced approximately $442,000
         for expenses in connection with the drug approval process in Argentina.

         BARBADOS STUDY

         A double blind study assessing the efficacy of the Company's drug
         Product R in 43 human patients diagnosed with HIV (AIDS) has been
         conducted at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Bridgetown, Barbados (the
         "Barbados Study"). As of December 31, 2000, the Company expended
         approximately $390,000 to cover the costs of the Barbados Study.

         In July 1998, the Company authorized expenditures of up to $45,000 to
         study the effects of Product R in inhibiting the mutation of the AIDS
         virus. As of December 31, 2000, the Company advanced approximately
         $15,000 for such study, which has been accounted for as research and
         development expense.

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

         HIRSCHMAN AGREEMENT

         In May 1995, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with
         Shalom Hirschman, M.D., Professor of Medicine of Mt. Sinai School of
         Medicine, New York, New York and Director of Mt. Sinai's Division of
         Infectious Diseases, whereby Dr. Hirschman was to


                                      F-29
<PAGE>   77


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         HIRSCHMAN AGREEMENT (Continued)

         provide consulting services to the Company through May 1997. The
         consulting services included the development and location of
         pharmacological and biotechnology companies and assisting the Company
         in seeking joint ventures with and financing of companies in such
         industries. In connection with the consulting agreement, the Company
         issued to Dr. Hirschman 1,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock
         and the option to acquire 5,000,000 shares of the Company's common
         stock for a period of three years as per the vesting schedule as
         referred to in the agreement, at a purchase price of $.18 per share. As
         of December 31, 2000, 900,000 shares have been issued upon exercise of
         these options for cash consideration of $162,000 under this Agreement.

         In March 1996, the Company entered into an addendum to the consulting
         agreement with Dr. Hirschman whereby Dr. Hirschman agreed to provide
         consulting services to the Company through May 2000 (the "Addendum").
         Pursuant to the Addendum, the Company granted to Dr. Hirschman and his
         designees options to purchase an aggregate of 15,000,000 shares of the
         Company's common stock for a three year period pursuant to the
         following schedule: (i) options to purchase 5,000,000 shares
         exercisable at any time and from time to time commencing March 24, 1996
         and ending February 17, 2008 at an exercise price of $.19 per share, of
         which options to acquire 500,000 shares (exercisable until March 23,
         2001) were assigned by Dr. Hirschman to Richard Rubin, consultant to
         Dr. Hirschman; (ii) options to purchase 5,000,000 shares exercisable at
         any time and from time to time commencing March 24, 1997 and ending
         February 17, 2008 at an exercise price of $.27 per share, of which
         options to acquire 500,000 shares (exercisable until March 23, 2001)
         were assigned by Dr. Hirschman to Richard Rubin, consultant to Dr.
         Hirschman; and (iii) options to purchase 5,000,000 shares exercisable
         at any time and from time to time commencing March 24, 1998 and ending
         February 17, 2008 at an exercise price of $.36 per share, of which
         options to acquire 500,000 shares (exercisable until March 23, 2001)
         were assigned by Dr. Hirschman to Richard Rubin, consultant to Dr.
         Hirschman. In addition, the Company has agreed to cause the shares
         underlying these options to be registered so long as there is no cost
         to the Company. As of December 31, 2000, 916,000 shares of common stock
         were issued pursuant to the exercise of stock options by Richard Rubin.
         Mr. Rubin has, from time to time in the past, advised the Company on
         matters unrelated to his consultation with Dr. Hirschman.

         In March 2000, Mr. Rubin transferred 75,000 of his $0.27 options and
         75,000 of his $0.36 options to Elliot Bauer, an individual who also
         received and exercised shares and options as a result of the "Cohen
         Agreements".

         In November 1997, Dr. Hirschman assigned to Henry Kamioner, a
         consultant to Dr. Hirschman, options to acquire 1,500,000 shares
         (500,000 at $.19, 500,000 at $.27, and 500,000 at $.36), which are
         exercisable until March 23, 2001.



                                      F-30
<PAGE>   78


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         HIRSCHMAN AGREEMENT (Continued)

         In May 2000, the Company and Dr. Hirschman entered into a second
         amended and restated employment agreement (the "Agreement") which
         supersedes in its entirety the July 1988 Employment Agreement. Pursuant
         to this Agreement, Dr. Hirschman was employed to serve as Chief
         Executive Officer and President of the Company until December 31, 2002.
         The Agreement further provides that Bernard Friedland and William
         Bregman will vote all shares owned or voted by them in favor of Dr.
         Hirschman as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. The
         Agreement provides for Dr. Hirschman to receive an annual base salary
         of $361,000 (effective January 1, 2000), use of an automobile, major
         medical, disability, dental and term life insurance benefits for the
         term of his employment. The Agreement also provides for previously
         issued options to acquire 23,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.27
         per option share to be immediately vested as of the date of this
         agreement and are exercisable until February 17, 2008.

         The fair value of these options was estimated to be $5,328,441 ($0.2317
         per option share) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the
         options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following
         assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; a risk free interest rate of
         6% and an expected life of 32 months. The Company is recognizing the
         $5,328,441 fair value of the options as compensation costs on a
         pro-forma basis over the 32 month service period (the term of the
         employment agreement).

         GALLANTAR AGREEMENT

         On October 1, 1999, the Company entered into an employment agreement
         with Alan Gallantar whereby Mr. Gallantar has agreed to serve as the
         Chief Financial Officer of the Company for a period of three years,
         subject to earlier termination by either party, either for cause as
         defined in and in accordance with the provisions of the agreement,
         without cause or upon the occurrence of certain events. Such agreement
         provides for Mr. Gallantar to receive a base salary of $175,000,
         $200,000 and $225,000 annually for each of the three years of the term
         of the agreement as well as various performance based bonuses ranging
         from 10% to 50% of the base salary and various other benefits.
         Additionally, in connection with such agreement, the Company granted
         Mr. Gallantar options to purchase an aggregate of 4,547,880 shares of
         the Company's common stock. Such options have a term of ten years and
         have an exercise price of $.24255 per share. 1,515,960 options vest on
         each of the first, second and third anniversary dates of this
         employment agreement. The fair value of these options was estimated to
         be $376,126 ($.0827 per option share) based upon a financial analysis
         of the terms of the options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with
         the following assumptions: expected volatility of 20%; a risk free
         interest rate of 6% and an expected life of ten years. The Company is
         recognizing the $376,126 fair value of the options as compensation
         costs on a pro-forma basis over the three year service period (the term
         of the employment agreement). A performance bonus for Mr. Gallantar's
         first year in the amount of $25,000 has been charged to expense in the
         accompanying consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-31
<PAGE>   79


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         OTHER EMPLOYEES

         On January 3 and December 29, 2000, the Company issued to certain other
         employees stock options to acquire an aggregate of 430,000 and 716,000
         shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.21 and $.33 per share,
         respectively. These options expire on January 2, 2010 and December 29,
         2010, respectively, and vest in 20% increments at the end of each year
         for five years.

         The fair value of the these options was estimated to be $42,342 ($.1721
         per option share) and $117,893 ($.2788 per option share), respectively,
         based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the options using the
         Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected
         volatility of 80%; a risk free interest rate of 6%; an expected life of
         ten years; and a termination rate of 10%. The Company will recognize
         the fair value of the options as compensation costs on a pro-forma
         basis over a one year service period (the term of the employment
         agreements).

         Financial reporting of the Hirschman, Gallantar and other employee
         options has been prepared pursuant to the Company's policy of following
         APB No. 25, and related interpretations, in accounting for its employee
         stock options. Accordingly, the following pro forma financial
         information is presented to reflect amortization of the fair value of
         the options.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    AS REPORTED          PRO FORMA               AS
                                 DECEMBER 31, 2000       ADJUSTMENT            ADJUSTED
                                 -----------------     --------------       --------------
<S>                               <C>                  <C>                  <C>
          Net loss                $   (9,354,664)      $   (1,799,827)      $  (11,154,491)
                                  ==============       ==============       ==============

          Net loss per share      $        (0.03)      $        (0.00)      $        (0.03)
                                  ==============       ==============       ==============
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    AS REPORTED           PRO FORMA               AS
                                 DECEMBER 31, 1999        ADJUSTMENT           ADJUSTED
                                 -----------------     --------------       --------------
<S>                               <C>                  <C>                  <C>
          Net loss                $   (6,174,262)      $      (31,344)      $   (6,205,606)
                                  ==============       ==============       ==============

          Net loss per share      $        (0.02)      $        (0.00)      $        (0.02)
                                  ==============       ==============       ==============
</TABLE>

         There were no other options outstanding that would require pro forma
         presentation.

         COHEN AGREEMENTS

         In September 1992, the Company entered into a one year consulting
         agreement with Leonard Cohen (the "September 1992 Cohen Agreement").
         The September 1992 Cohen Agreement required that Mr. Cohen provide
         certain consulting services to the Company in exchange for the
         Company's issuing to Mr. Cohen 1,000,000 shares of common stock (the
         "September



                                      F-32
<PAGE>   80


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         COHEN AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         1992 Cohen Shares"), 500,000 of which were issuable upon execution of
         the September 1992 Cohen Agreement and the remaining 500,000 shares of
         which were issuable upon Mr. Cohen completing 50 hours of consulting
         service to the Company. The Company issued the first 500,000 shares to
         Mr. Cohen in October 1992 and the remaining 500,000 shares to Mr. Cohen
         in February 1993. Further pursuant to the September 1992 Cohen
         Agreement, the Company granted to Mr. Cohen the option to acquire, at
         any time and from time to time through September 10, 1993 (which date
         has been extended through June 30, 2000), the option to acquire
         3,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of
         $.09 per share (which exercise price has been increased to $.16 per
         share) (the "September 1992 Cohen Options"). The fair value of these
         options was estimated to be $59,030 ($.0347 per option share) based
         upon a financial analysis of the terms of the options using the
         Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected
         volatility of 20%; risk free interest rate of 6%. This amount has been
         charged to compensation expense at December 31, 1999 as it related to
         services previously provided. Effective July 1, 2000, these options
         were extended to December 31, 2000 at an exercise price of $.17 per
         share. As a result of the modification of the option terms, the fair
         value of these options was estimated to be $55,023 ($.2751 per option
         share) based on a financial analysis of the terms of the options using
         the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
         expected volatility of 50%; risk free interest rate of 6%. This amount
         has been charged to compensation expense related to modification of
         existing option terms during the year ended December 31, 2000.
         Effective December 31, 2000, these options were extended to December
         31, 2001 at an exercise price of $.19 per share. As a result of the
         modification of the option terms, the fair value of these options was
         estimated to be $17,311 ($.1731 per option share) based on a financial
         analysis of the terms of the options using the Black-Scholes Pricing
         Model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; risk
         free interest rate of 6%. This amount has been charged to compensation
         expense related to modification of existing option terms during the
         year ended December 31, 2000. As of December 31, 2000, 2,900,000 of the
         September 1992 Cohen Options have been exercised for cash consideration
         of $403,000.

         In February 1993, the Company entered into a second consulting
         agreement with Mr. Cohen (the "February 1993 Cohen Agreement") for a
         three year term commencing on March 1, 1993. The February 1993 Cohen
         Agreement provides that Mr. Cohen provide financing business consulting
         services concerning the operations of the business of the Company and
         possible strategic transactions in exchange for the Company issuing to
         Mr. Cohen 3,500,000 shares of common stock (the "February 1993 Cohen
         Shares"), 1,500,000 shares of which Mr. Cohen has informed the Company
         he has assigned to certain other persons not affiliated with the
         Company or any of its officers or directors.


                                      F-33
<PAGE>   81


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         COHEN AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         In July 1994, in consideration for services related to the
         introduction, negotiation and execution of a distribution agreement,
         the Company issued: (i) to Mr. Cohen, an additional 2,500,000 shares
         (the "April 1994 Cohen Shares") and (ii) to each of Elliot Bauer and
         Lee Rizzuto, 625,000 shares (the "Bauer and Rizzuto Shares") as well as
         options to acquire an additional 5,000,000 shares each at $.10 per
         share exercisable through May 1, 1996 (the "Bauer and Rizzuto
         Options"). Through December 31, 1999, 2,855,000 shares were issued
         pursuant to the exercise of the Bauer and Rizzuto Options for an
         aggregate exercise price of $285,500. Mr. Rizzuto sold all of his
         shares and all shares underlying his options. Pursuant to several
         amendments, the remaining Bauer options were exercisable through June
         30, 2000 at an option price of $.14. The fair value of these options
         was estimated to be $116,101 ($.0541 per option share) based upon a
         financial analysis of the terms of the options using the Black-Scholes
         Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of
         20%; risk free interest rate of 6%. This amount has been charged to
         compensation expense at December 31, 1999 as it related to services
         previously provided. Effective July 1, 2000, these options were
         extended to December 31, 2000 at an exercise price of $.16 per share.
         As a result of the modification of the option terms, the fair value of
         these options was estimated to be $953,885 ($.2848 per option share)
         based on a financial analysis of the terms of the options using the
         Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected
         volatility of 50%; risk free interest rate of 6%. This amount has been
         charged to expense related to modification of existing option terms
         during the year ended December 31, 2000. Effective December 31, 2000,
         these options were extended to December 31, 2001 at an exercise price
         of $.18 per share. As a result of the modification of the option terms,
         the fair value of these options was estimated to be $600,419 ($.1793
         per option share) based on a financial analysis of the terms of the
         options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following
         assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; risk free interest rate of 6%.
         This amount has been charged to compensation expense related to
         modification of existing option terms during the year ended December
         31, 2000. Through December 31, 2000, 6,650,500 shares were issued
         pursuant to the exercise of the Bauer and Rizzuto Options for an
         aggregate exercise price of $696,050. Mr. Rizzuto sold all of his
         shares and all shares underlying his options.

         GLOBOMAX AGREEMENT

         On January 18, 1999, the Company entered into a consulting agreement
         with Globomax LLC to provide services at hourly rates established by
         the contract to the Company's Investigational New Drug application
         submission and to perform all work that is necessary to obtain FDA
         approval. The contract was extended by mutual consent of both parties.
         The Company has incurred approximately $1,450,000 in services to
         GloboMax through December 31, 2000.



                                      F-34
<PAGE>   82


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         HARBOR VIEW AGREEMENT

         On February 7, 2000, the Company entered into a consulting agreement
         with Harbor View Group, Inc. for past and future consulting services
         related to corporate structures, financial transactions, financial
         public relations and other matters through December 31, 2000.

         In connection with this agreement, the Company issued warrants to
         purchase 1,750,000 shares at an exercise price of $0.21 per share and
         warrants to purchase 1,750,000 shares at an exercise price of $0.26 per
         share until February 28, 2005. The fair value of the warrants was
         estimated to be $200,249 ($.057 per warrant) based upon a financial
         analysis of the terms of the warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing
         Model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 90%; a
         risk free interest rate of 6% and an expected holding period of eleven
         months (the term of the consulting agreement). This amount has been
         amortized to consulting expense during the year ended December 31,
         2000.

         DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENTS

         The Company currently is a party to separate agreements with five
         different entities (the "Entities"), whereby the Company has granted
         exclusive rights to distribute Product R in the countries of China,
         Japan, Macao, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Mexico, Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay,
         Uruguay, Brazil, Chile, Channel Islands, The Isle of Man, British West
         Indies, Jamaica, Haiti, Bermuda, Belize and Saudi Arabia. Pursuant to
         these agreements, distributors are obligated to cause Product R to be
         approved for commercial sale in such countries and, upon such approval,
         to purchase from the Company certain minimum quantities of Product R to
         maintain the exclusive distribution rights. Leonard Cohen, a former
         consultant to the Company, has informed the Company that he is an
         affiliate of two of these entities. To date, the Company has recorded
         revenue classified as other income for the sale of territorial rights
         under the distribution agreements. The Company has made no sales under
         the distribution agreements other than for testing purposes.

         CONSTRUCTION COMMITMENT

         In November 1999, the Company entered into an agreement with an
         unaffiliated third party to construct leasehold improvements at an
         approximate cost of $380,000 for research and development purposes at
         the Company's Yonkers, New York facilities, of which $300,000 has been
         incurred as of December 31, 2000. In October 2000, the Company entered
         into an another agreement with the unaffiliated third party to
         construct additional leasehold improvements at an approximate cost of
         $325,000 for research and development purposes at the Company's
         Yonkers, New York facilities, of which $114,000 has been incurred as of
         December 31, 2000.



                                      F-35
<PAGE>   83


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         LITIGATION

         In June 2000, the Company filed an action and complaint in the Supreme
         Court of New York, Westchester County, against Commonwealth
         Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., Immune Modulation Maximum Corp. ("IMMC") and
         Charles E. Miller (collectively, the "Defendants") alleging a breach by
         Commonwealth of an exclusive distribution agreement between the Company
         and Commonwealth, misappropriation of trade secrets and confidential
         information, conversion and conspiracy to convert the Company's
         property interests in Reticulose (Product R). The agreement, which the
         Company alleges in its complaint is currently in force and effect,
         provides that: (i) all laboratory or clinical studies initiated by
         Commonwealth for which Reticulose is provided for free must first be
         approved by the Company; (ii) the results of all studies, all research
         data and documentation and any research publications resulting from
         studies initiated by Commonwealth or any of its agents will belong to
         the Company and will be made use of at the Company's discretion; and
         (iii) such studies are only permitted as part of such agreement. In its
         complaint, the Company alleged that Defendant Miller filed and obtained
         a U.S. patent entitled "Composition Containing Peptides and Nucleic
         Acids and Methods of Making Same" based on a study conducted by a third
         party using Reticulose obtained free of charge from the Company, and
         that such patent was assigned to Defendant IMMC, a company controlled
         by Defendant Miller, in violation of the exclusive distribution
         agreement.

         In its complaint, the Company seeks relief in the form of (i)
         assignment of the patent to the Company; (ii) adjudgment that
         Defendants breached, misappropriated, converted and conspired to
         convert the Company's property rights; (iii) damages, profits realized
         and interest thereon; and (iv) attorneys' fees, costs and expenses. In
         response, on August 3, 2000, Defendants filed a Motion to Dismiss the
         Complaint alleging lack of personal jurisdiction or, in the
         alternative, that the agreement underlying the Company's claim is
         legally inoperative.

         In August 2000, the Defendants other than Miller, filed a suit against
         the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern
         District of Michigan which alleges that IMMC, and not the Company, is
         the owner of the exclusive/broad rights in Reticulose, and seeks, among
         other things, (i) a declaratory judgment that Defendant IMMC is the
         exclusive owner of the broad/exclusive rights to Reticulose and the
         subject patent; (ii) an injunction against the Company from further
         attempts to use, market or assert any claims of ownership over any
         broad/exclusive rights in Reticulose, or the use, publication or
         disclosure of information regarding Reticulose; (iii) return of such
         information to the Defendants; (iv) that the Company assign any
         Reticulose-related trademarks to IMMC; and (v) that the Company pay
         Defendants damages, profits, costs and attorneys' fees. The Company was
         served with the Complaint on August 8, 2000.

         In January 2001, the Company and Commonwealth, et al., agreed to
         dismiss the case in New York without prejudice. All disputes between
         the parties are now handled by the District Court of Michigan. At this
         point, we have answered the complaint against us in the Federal Court
         and have entered a number of counterclaims which are in substance the
         same as our claims in the New York case.


                                      F-36
<PAGE>   84


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         LITIGATION (Continued)

         The Company believes that the allegations contained in the Defendant's
         complaint are without merit and the Company intends to vigorously
         defend itself against all allegations contained therein.

         GENERAL

         CAPITAL LEASES

         During 1998, the Company entered into a purchase lease agreement for
         equipment totaling $222,318. The lease calls for monthly payments of
         $4,529 for 60 months commencing on September 1998 and expiring on July
         2003. During 1999, the Company entered into a purchase lease agreement
         for equipment totaling $38,645. The lease calls for monthly payments of
         $965 for 48 months commencing in August 1999 and expiring in July 2003.
         Additionally, during 2000, the Company entered into a purchase lease
         agreement for equipment totaling $13,197. The lease calls for monthly
         payments of $447 for 36 months commencing in January 2001 and expiring
         in December 2003.

         Future minimum capital lease payments and the net present value of the
         future minimum lease payments at December 31, 2000 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                                               <C>
          Year ending December 31:
          2001                                                    $ 71,292
          2002                                                      71,292
          2003                                                      43,822
                                                                  --------
          Total minimum lease payments                             186,406
          Less amount representing interest                         21,150
                                                                  --------
          Net present value of future minimum lease payments       165,256
          Less current maturities                                   58,689
                                                                  --------
                                                                  $106,567
                                                                  ========
</TABLE>

         OPERATING LEASES

         Management executed a non-cancelable lease for new office space in
         Florida on January 1, 1996, expiring on December 31, 1999 at
         approximately $17,000 annually. The Company has three options to renew
         for an additional one year per option. Management has exercised its
         second option for the year 2001.

         On December 30, 1998, the Company executed an amendment to its existing
         lease dated April 1997 for the laboratory facilities in Yonkers, New
         York. The lease on the additional space is effective May 1, 1999. The
         new lease adds 10,550 square feet (for a total of 16,650 square feet)
         and extends its term until April 2005. Annual rent on the original
         lease is approximately $85,000. Rent for the additional facilities is
         approximately $175,000. Total rental commitment for the laboratory
         facilities will be $260,000 until May 1, 2002 at which time it will
         increase to approximately $290,000.


                                      F-37
<PAGE>   85


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         GENERAL (Continued)

         OPERATING LEASES (Continued)

         The Company leased an automobile in November 1999 for 36 months at $711
         per month expiring in November 2002.

         Total lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and
         1998 amounted to $296,064, $191,974 and $121,477, respectively.

         Future minimum lease commitments as of December 31, 2000 are as
         follows:

          Year ending December 31:
          2001                           $  269,000
          2002                              288,000
          2003                              290,000
          2004                              290,000
          2005                              290,000
                                         ----------
          Total                          $1,427,000
                                         ==========

NOTE 9.  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

         During 1999, the Company issued 7,049,128 shares of common stock for an
         aggregate consideration of $1,369,500. The amounts were comprised of
         the issuance of 6,769,128 shares of common stock for cash of $1,302,500
         and issuance of 280,000 shares of common stock in exchange for
         consulting services for consideration of $67,000.

         During 2000, the Company issued 76,742,583 shares of common stock for
         an aggregate consideration of $16,564,500. The amounts were comprised
         of the issuance of 31,861,674 shares of common stock for cash of
         $9,806,000, issuance of 5,158,500 shares common stock pursuant to the
         exercise of options for $982,000, issuance of 1,186,593 shares of
         common stock pursuant to the exercise of warrants for $154,000,
         issuance of common stock upon conversion of debt of 38,435,816 shares
         for $5,576,000 and issuance of 100,000 shares of common stock in
         exchange for services for $46,500.

NOTE 10. INCOME TAXES

         The Company accounts for income taxes under the provisions of Statement
         of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109, ACCOUNTING FOR INCOME
         TAXES. SFAS No. 109 is an asset and liability approach for computing
         deferred income taxes.


                                      F-38
<PAGE>   86


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 10. INCOME TAXES (Continued)

         As of December 31, 2000 and 1999, the Company had net operating loss
         carryforwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes amounting to
         approximately $21,100,000 and $14,600,000, which expire in varying
         amounts to 2020.

         The Company presently has temporary differences between financial
         reporting and income tax reporting relating to interest expense on the
         beneficial conversion feature of the convertible debt, depreciation and
         patent costs.

         The components of the deferred tax asset as of December 31, 2000 and
         1999 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              2000            1999
                                                           ----------      ----------
<S>                                                        <C>             <C>
          Benefit of net operating loss carryforwards      $7,174,000      $4,850,000
          Less valuation allowance                          7,174,000       4,850,000
                                                           ----------      ----------
          Net deferred tax asset                           $       --      $       --
                                                           ==========      ==========

</TABLE>

         As of December 31, 2000 and 1999, sufficient uncertainty exists
         regarding the realizability of these operating loss carryforwards and,
         accordingly, a 100% valuation allowance has been established regarding
         these deferred tax assets.






                                      F-39
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
