<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>g75232e10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                     U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                                    FORM 10-K

                   [X] ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                      For the year ended December 31, 2001

                                       OR

                 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                        Commission File Number: 33-2262-A

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
             ------------------------------------------------------
             (exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

           DELAWARE                                    59-2646820
-------------------------------           ------------------------------------
(State or other jurisdiction of           (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)

200 CORPORATE BOULEVARD SOUTH, YONKERS, NEW YORK                        10701
------------------------------------------------                        -----
    (Address of principal executive offices)                         (Zip Code)

                                 (914) 376-7383
               ---------------------------------------------------
               (Registrant's telephone number including area code)

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None
Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes [X]   No [ ]

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

     The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of
the Registrant, based upon the average of the closing bid and ask quotations for
the Common Stock on January 31, 2002 on the OTC Bulletin Board, was
approximately $83,429,310. The shares of Common Stock held by each officer and
director and by each person known to the Registrant who owns 10% or more of the
outstanding Common Stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed
to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a
conclusive determination for other purposes. As of March 27, 2002, the
Registrant had 413,296,862 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:   None.




<PAGE>


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.

                                    FORM 10-K
                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                PAGE
                                                                                                                ----

<S>  <C>                                                                                                         <C>
PART I
ITEM 1.       BUSINESS............................................................................................ 1
ITEM 2.       DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY.............................................................................15
ITEM 3.       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS...................................................................................15
ITEM 4.       SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.................................................17

PART II
ITEM 5.       MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS............................................17
ITEM 6.       SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA................................................................18
ITEM 7.       MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
              AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS...........................................................................20
ITEM 7A.      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK...........................................29
ITEM 8.       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.........................................................29
ITEM 9.       CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
              AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE............................................................................29

PART III
ITEM 10.      DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS........................................30
ITEM 11.      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION..............................................................................32
ITEM 12.      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT......................................39
ITEM 13.      CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS......................................................40

PART IV
ITEM 14.      EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.....................................41

SIGNATURES    ....................................................................................................42

EXHIBIT INDEX ....................................................................................................43


</TABLE>

<PAGE>


                           FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

         ADVR cautions readers that some of the information in this report
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities
laws. For this purpose, any statements contained in this report that are not
statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements typically are identified by use of terms like "may,"
"will," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate", "believe", "intend", "could",
"would" and similar words, although some forward-looking statements are
expressed differently. You should be aware that our actual results could differ
materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements due to a
number of factors, including our limited operating history and substantial
operating losses, availability of capital resources, ability to effectively
compete, economic conditions, unanticipated difficulties in pharmaceutical
research and development, ability to continue research and development, ability
to gain governmental approvals, uncertainty relating to timing of governmental
approval process, dependence on equity and debt financing for continued
operations, dependence on third party distributors and consultants, dependence
on our key personnel, ability to protect our intellectual property and the
impact of future government regulation on our business. You should also consider
carefully the risks described in this report or detailed from time to time in
our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").


<PAGE>



         AS USED IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K, THE TERMS "WE," "US,"
"OUR," AND "ADVANCED VIRAL" MEAN ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP. AND ITS
SUBSIDIARIES (UNLESS THE CONTEXT INDICATES A DIFFERENT MEANING).

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

         Advanced Viral Research Corp. was formed in July 1985 to engage in the
production and marketing, promotion and sale of a pharmaceutical drug known by
the trademark Reticulose(R). In addition to Reticulose(R), which has been used
exclusively with Advanced Viral's original formulation, Advanced Viral is
developing a new or current formulation which to date, has been designated only
by its generic name Product R. As used in this report, the term "Product R"
refers to the current formulation as well as the prior formulation of the
pharmaceutical drug known as Reticulose(R). Product R may be employed in the
treatment of certain viral and autoimmune diseases such as:

         o  Human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV, including acquired immune
            deficiency syndrome, or AIDS;

         o  Human papilloma virus, or HPV, which causes genital warts and may
            lead to cervical cancer;

         o  Cachexia (body wasting) in patients with solid cancers, leukemias
            and lymphomas; and

         o  Rheumatoid arthritis.

         Since 1962, when Reticulose(R) was reclassified as a "new drug" by the
Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, thE FDA has not permitted Reticulose(R) to
be marketed in the United States. A forfeiture action was instituted in 1962 by
the FDA against Reticulose(R), and it was withdrawn from the United States
market. The injunction obtained by the FDA prohibits, among other things, any
shipment of Product R until a new drug application, or NDA, is approved by the
FDA. FDA approval of an NDA first requires clinical testing of Product R in
human trials, which cannot be conducted until we first satisfy the regulatory
protocols and the substantial preapproval requirements imposed by the FDA upon
the introduction of any new or unapproved drug product pursuant to an
investigational new drug application, or IND. On July 30, 2001, we submitted an
IND application to the FDA to begin Phase 1 clinical trials of Product R as a
topical treatment for genital warts caused by the human papilloma virus (HPV)
infection. In September 2001, the FDA cleared the IND application to begin Phase
1 clinical trials. In March 2002, we completed the Phase 1 trials and submitted
to the FDA the results, which indicated that Product R was safe and well
tolerated dermatologically in all the doses applied in the study. The data
accrued from the Phase 1 trials will form the basis for the Phase 2 protocol
planned to be submitted to the FDA in the future.

         Our operations over the last five years have been limited principally
to research, testing and analysis of Product R in the United States, either IN
VITRO (outside the living body in an artificial environment, such as in a test
tube), or on animals, and engaging others to perform testing and analysis of
Product R on human patients outside the United States. Our Phase 1 studies were
performed in the United States on human patients. We do not know the cost of




                                       1
<PAGE>

future clinical trials we may not be able to raise the funds necessary to begin
or continue planned clinical trials. Additional financing needed to fund
subsequent clinical trials may not be available to us, which may force us to
reduce our clinical trials and operations.

         In October 2001, we were awarded a U.S. patent entitled "Preparation of
a Therapeutic Composition," which issued patent protects the preparation and
composition of Product R. In March 2002, we were awarded a U.S. patent entitled
"Topical Treatment of Skin Disease and Eye Afflictions," which issued patent
protects the use of Product R for use in the topical treatment of viral skin
infections such as HPV, shingles and herpes simplex, and viral eye infections
including those caused by herpes simplex virus.

         Our offices are located at 200 Corporate Boulevard South, Yonkers, New
York 10701. Our telephone number in Yonkers, New York is (914) 376-7383. We have
also established a website: www.adviral.com. Information contained on our
website is not a part of this report.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

         The FDA imposes substantial requirements upon and conditions precedent
to the introduction of therapeutic drug products, such as Product R, through
lengthy and detailed laboratory and clinical testing procedures, sampling
activities and other costly and time consuming procedures to demonstrate that
such products are both safe and effective in treating the indications for which
approval is sought. After testing in animals, an Investigational New Drug, or
IND, application must be filed with the FDA to obtain authorization for human
testing. When the clinical testing has been completed and analyzed, final
manufacturing processes and procedures are in place, and certain other required
information is available to the manufacturer, a manufacturer may submit a new
drug application, or NDA, to the FDA. No action can be taken to market Product
R, or any therapeutic drug product, in the United States until an NDA has been
approved by the FDA.

         The IND process in the United States is governed by regulations
established by the FDA which strictly control the use and distribution of
investigational drugs in the United States. The guidelines require that an
application contain sufficient information to justify administering the drug to
humans, that the application include relevant information on the chemistry,
pharmacology and toxicology of the drug derived from chemical, laboratory and
animal or IN VITRO testing, and that a protocol be provided for the initial
study of the new drug to be conducted on humans.

         In order to conduct a clinical trial of a new drug in humans, a sponsor
must prepare and submit to the FDA a comprehensive IND. The focal point of the
IND is a description of the overall plan for investigating the drug product and
a comprehensive protocol for each planned study. The plan is carried out in
three phases: phase 1 clinical trials, which involve the administration of the
drug to a small number of healthy subjects to determine safety, tolerance,
absorption and metabolism characteristics; phase 2 clinical trials, which
involve the administration of the drug to a limited number of patients for a
specific disease to determine dose response, efficacy and safety; and phase 3
clinical trials, which involve the study of the drug to gain confirmatory
evidence of efficacy and safety from a wide base of investigators and patients.

         An investigator's brochure must be included in the IND and the IND must
commit the sponsor to obtain initial and continual review and approval of the
clinical investigation. A section describing the composition, manufacture and
control of the drug substance and the drug product is included in the IND.
Sufficient information is required to be submitted to assure the proper
identification, quality, purity and strength of the investigational drug. A
description of the drug substance, including its physical, chemical, and
biological characteristics, must also be included in the IND. The general method



                                       2
<PAGE>

of preparation of the drug substance must be included. A list of all components
including inactive ingredients must also be submitted. There must be adequate
information about pharmacological and toxicological studies of the drug
involving laboratory animals or IN VITRO tests on the basis of which the sponsor
has concluded that it is reasonably safe to conduct the proposed clinical
investigation. Where there has been widespread use of the drug outside of the
United States or otherwise, it is possible in some limited circumstances to use
well documented clinical experience as a substitute for other pre-clinical work.

         After the FDA approves the IND, the investigation is permitted to
proceed, during which the sponsor must keep the FDA informed of new studies,
including animal studies, make progress reports on the study or studies covered
by the IND, and also be responsible for alerting FDA and clinical investigators
immediately of unforeseen serious side effects or injuries.

         When all clinical testing has been completed and analyzed, final
manufacturing processes and procedures are in place, and certain other required
information is available to the manufacturer, a manufacturer may submit an NDA
to the FDA. An NDA must be approved by the FDA covering the drug before its
manufacturer can commence commercial distribution of the drug. The NDA contains
a section describing the clinical investigations of the drug which section
includes, among other things, the following: a description and analysis of each
clinical pharmacology study of the drug; a description and analysis of each
controlled clinical study pertinent to a proposed use of the drug; a description
of each uncontrolled clinical study including a summary of the results and a
brief statement explaining why the study is classified as uncontrolled; and a
description and analysis of any other data or information relevant to an
evaluation of the safety and effectiveness of the drug product obtained or
otherwise received by the applicant from any source foreign or domestic. The NDA
also includes an integrated summary of all available information about the
safety of the drug product including pertinent animal and other laboratory data,
demonstrated or potential adverse effects of the drug, including clinically
significant potential adverse effects of administration of the drug
contemporaneously with the administration of other drugs and other related
drugs. A section is included describing the statistical controlled clinical
study and the documentation and supporting statistical analysis used in
evaluating the controlled clinical studies.

         Another section of the NDA describes the data concerning the action of
a drug in the human body over a period of time and data concerning the extent of
drug absorption in the human body or information supporting a waiver of the
submission of such data. Also included in the NDA is a section describing the
composition, manufacture and specification of the drug substance including the
following: a full description of the drug substance, its physical and chemical
characteristics; its stability; the process controls used during manufacture and
packaging; and such specifications and analytical methods as are necessary to
assure the identity, strength, quality and purity of the drug substance as well
as the availability of the drug products made from the substance. NDA's contain
lists of all components used in the manufacture of the drug product and a
statement of the specifications and analytical methods for each component. Also
included are studies of the toxicological actions of the drug as they relate to
the drug's intended uses.

         The data in the NDA must establish that the drug has been shown to be
safe for use under its proposed labeling conditions and that there is
substantial evidence that the drug is effective for its proposed use(s).
Substantial evidence is defined by statute and FDA regulation to mean evidence
consisting of adequate and well-controlled investigations, including clinical
investigations by experts qualified by scientific training and experience, to
evaluate the effectiveness of the drug involved.

         On September 20, 1984, Bernard Friedland, our former President and
Chairman of the Board of Directors, as sponsor, submitted to the FDA an IND to
conduct a study testing the effectiveness of Product R on human subjects with
AIDS, as well as certain other viruses. The FDA has issued four letters of
deficiency with regard to the IND. In a letter dated November 29, 1984, the FDA
indicated, among other deficiencies noted, that the publications submitted with
the IND and relating to the effectiveness of Product R on virus related diseases
will not be accepted in support of the safety of Product R unless we could
establish that the proposed formulation of Product R is the same as the



                                       3
<PAGE>

formulation of Product R referenced in those publications. In addition, the FDA
required, among other things, that an IND application include relevant
information on the chemistry, laboratory and animal controls to assure the
integrity of the dosage form and that safety information be provided for the
initial study proposed to be conducted on humans. The FDA also required that the
information assure the proper identification, quality, purity and strength of
Product R and a description of the physical, chemical and microbiological
characteristics of Product R. On September 11, 1987, we received a further
deficiency letter from the FDA, stating that no data had been submitted
supporting IN VITRO anti-HIV activity or any criterion for a biological response
modifier.

         On March 6, 1992, we submitted an amendment to the IND which attempted
to address the FDA's concerns. In response to the March 1992 submission, we
received a third deficiency letter from the FDA dated July 27, 1992, which
provided detailed comments with respect to chemistry, toxicology, microbiology
and clinical areas requiring further studies and action on our part. In June
1995, we received further correspondence from the FDA which stated, among other
things, that our prior submissions to the FDA did not provide an adequate
response to the FDA's earlier request for preclinical information and
accordingly our IND was "inactivated."

         We have not formally responded to the 1992 deficiency letters or the
1995 deficiency letter, nor have any of the studies cited in those letters been
undertaken. In February 1998, we contracted with GloboMax LLC of Hanover,
Maryland to advise and assist us in our preparation of a new IND to be filed
with the FDA, and to otherwise guide us through the FDA process with the
objective of obtaining full approval for Product R in the United States. During
2000 and 2001, GloboMax continued its project management services for the
pre-clinical development and IND submission of Product R to the FDA, the
development of standard operating procedures and validation protocol for the
preparation and manufacture of Product R. Expenses paid during 2000 and 2001
relating to the GloboMax agreement were approximately $3,917,000. Pursuant to
the agreement with GloboMax, we are obligated to pay for services on an hourly
basis, at prescribed rates. On July 30, 2001, we submitted an IND application to
the FDA to begin Phase 1 clinical trials of Product R as a topical treatment for
genital warts caused by the human papilloma virus (HPV) infection. On September
4, 2001, the IND was cleared by the FDA to begin Phase 1 trials. In March 2002,
Advanced Viral completed the Phase 1 trials and submitted to the FDA the
results, which indicated that Product R was safe and well tolerated
dermatologically in all the doses applied in the study. The data accrued from
the Phase 1 trials will form the basis for the Phase 2 protocol to be submitted
to the FDA. Such IND is our only IND on file with the FDA.

         We currently do not have the resources necessary to complete the FDA
approval process. It is possible that the clinical tests of Product R on humans
will not be approved by the FDA for human clinical trials on HPV or other
diseases, and that any tests previously conducted or to be conducted will not
satisfy FDA requirements. It is also possible that the results of such human
clinical trials, if performed, will not prove that Product R is safe or
effective in the treatment of HPV or other diseases, or that the FDA will not
approve the sale of Product R in the United States if we submitted a proper NDA.
It is not known at this time how extensive the Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical
trials will be, if they are conducted. The data generated may not show that the
drug Product R is safe and effective, and even if the data shows that Product R
is safe and effective, obtaining approval of the NDA could take years and
require financing of amounts not presently available to us.

         In connection with our activities outside the United States, we are
also subject to regulatory requirements governing the testing, approval,
manufacture, labeling, marketing and sale of pharmaceutical and diagnostic



                                       4
<PAGE>

products, which requirements vary from country to country. Government regulation
in certain countries may delay marketing of Product R for a considerable period
of time and impose costly procedures upon our activities. The extent of
potentially adverse government regulations which might arise from future
legislation or administrative action cannot be predicted. Whether or not FDA
approval has been obtained for a product, approval of the product by comparable
regulatory authorities of foreign countries must be obtained prior to marketing
the product in those countries. The approval process may be more or less
rigorous from country to country, and the time required for approval may be
longer or shorter than that required in the United States. Clinical studies
conducted outside of any country may not be accepted by such country, and the
approval of any pharmaceutical or diagnostic product in one country does not
assure that such product will be approved in another country. Accordingly, until
registration is granted, if ever, in the United States or another developed or
developing country, we do not expect that we will be able to generate material
sales revenue. We received a grant of authority from the Bahamian Port
Authority, an authorized division of the Bahamian Government, on October 15,
1992 confirming the right of our subsidiary, Advance Viral Research, Ltd., a
Bahamian corporation, to carry on the manufacture and export sale of ethical
pharmaceutical products. See "--Marketing And Sales."

RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND TESTING

         For the period from inception (February 20, 1984) through December 31,
2001 we expended approximately $14,000,000 on testing and research and
development activities either in our laboratories or pursuant to various testing
agreements with both domestic and foreign companies. In 1996, we retained Shalom
Z. Hirschman, M.D. as our Chief Executive Officer and President. Dr. Hirschman,
who is also our current Chairman of the Board of Directors, established our
research facility in Yonkers, New York, planned and monitored the testing of
Product R and recently performed analyses of Product R with our scientific
personnel, which analyses will be used in connection with the FDA approval
process. We currently are funding research and testing to:

         o  determine the safety and efficacy of the topical use of Product R on
            animals and cultured human cells;

         o  assess the effectiveness of the topical application of Product R on
            HPV;

         o  determine the effectiveness of Product R in the treatment of
            cachexia (body wasting) in patients with AIDS;

         o  determine the effectiveness of Product R in the treatment of
            patients with solid cancers;

         o  determine the effectiveness of Product R in the treatment of
            patients with leukemias and lymphomas;

         o  compare the results of treatment of persons diagnosed with AIDS
            taking a multi-drug cocktail (highly active anti-retroviral therapy,
            HAART) and Product R with those taking a multi-drug cocktail and a
            placebo;

         o  determine the effectiveness of Product R for the treatment of
            rheumatoid arthritis;

         o  study the effects of Product R in inhibiting the production of key
            cellular receptors for HIV (CCR5 and CXCR4 receptors). The CCR5 and
            CXCR4 receptors are two of the cell receptors used by the AIDS
            virus, HIV, to attach to its target cell and initiate infection;

         o  assess the effectiveness in inhibiting the replication of adenovirus
            in cell culture;



                                       5
<PAGE>

         o  study the effects of Product R in mitigating the toxic effects of
            other drugs used to treat HIV infections, such as nucleoside
            analogues, protease inhibitors and non-nucleoside reverse
            transcriptase inhibitors;

         o  study the effects of Product R in mitigating the toxic effects of
            drugs used in the chemotherapy of cancers; and

         o  assess the direct inhibitory and therapeutic effects of Product R on
            neoplasias, including lymphomas and lymphocytic leukemia.

         On January 29, 2001, we entered into a 12-month agreement with The
Weizmann Institute of Science and Yeda, its developmental arm, in Israel to
conduct research on the effects of Product R on the immune system , especially
on T lymphocytes. Experiments included the impact of Product R on T cell
proliferation, migration, adhesion and cytokine secretion. In addition,
scientists explored the effects of Product R in animal models on adjuvant
arthritis and experimental allergic encephalitis. The cost of this research is
approximately $118,000 which has been funded from our current cash position.

         We believe that the research at The Weizmann Institute has demonstrated
that Product R inhibits the development of arthritis and encephalitis in rat
models of adjuvant arthritis and experimental allergic encephalitis,
respectively, when Product R is administered at the same time as the
inflammatory stimulus. These models of the dampening effects of Product R on
autoimmune reactions are being fine-tuned and studies of possible molecular
mechanisms of the actions of Product R are to follow.

         These animal models serve as experimental prototypes for the study of
autoimmune disorders, such as rheumatoid arthritis. Institute researchers also
propose to investigate other animal models, including a graft rejection model
and tumor growth and tumor metastasis models, for the immunomodulatory effects
of Product R.

         On April 2, 2001, we entered into a 12-month agreement with The
Selikoff Center in Israel to develop clinical trials in Israel using Product R.
These trials would support our planned IND of injectable Product R. The Center
began designing clinical trials using Product R to mitigate the toxic effects of
chemotherapy in patients with advanced stage cancer to be conducted at hospitals
throughout Israel. The cost of the first phase of this research was $242,000 of
which $115,000 has been advanced to date.

         During the planning of these clinical trials, we redesigned the
research program to investigate the effect of Product R on cachexia (body
wasting) in patients with solid cancers, leukemias and lymphomas. In addition,
the redesigned program will investigate Product R as salvage therapy in patients
with AIDS who have failed highly active anti-retroviral therapy (HAART). In this
trial, Product R will be used in combination with HAART.

         During March 2002, the Selikoff Center advised us that it received
approvals from Israel's Helsinki Committee (the equivalent of a hospital's
Institutional Review Board in the U.S.) for these clinical trials at academic
medical centers in Israel. We are awaiting approval from Israel's Ministry of
Health (i.e. the equivalent of the U.S. FDA) before these clinical trials may
begin. We anticipate that these clinical trials will yield data which will
assist us in our design of future protocols for Phase 1 and 2 studies of
injectable Product R in the U.S. and Israel.

         The studies being conducted pursuant to our agreements with The
Weizmann Institute and the Selikoff Center are subject to risks associated with
the policy, economic and military conditions affecting Israel and the Middle
East, and recently a public announcement from Israel declaring a war against
terrorism has made it difficult to predict whether or in what manner these
problems will be resolved.

         Our studies detailing the results of the above research and testing may
not positively impact the FDA's decision to approve a new IND for Product R or
approve the marketing, sales or distribution of Product R within the United



                                       6
<PAGE>
States, and as a result may not improve our chances of gaining approval for the
marketing, sales or distribution of Product R anywhere in the world. We
currently do not have the resources to engage in further testing and we cannot
provide assurances that we will acquire such financial resources to continue or
complete the studies, or, if we acquire such resources, that we will do so on
favorable terms.

SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD

         In January 2002, the Company formed a Scientific Advisory Board
currently consisting of five people with experience in oncology, hematology,
women's health and related fields for the purpose of having access to additional
expertise and counsel to support the development of Product R in connection with
the rigorous clinical trials required by the FDA's regulatory approval process.
The current members of the Scientific Advisory Board are:

         DR. GEORGE P. CANELLOS is the William Rosenberg Professor of Medicine
at Harvard Medical School where he served as Chief of the Division of Medical
Oncology for 20 years at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, and was Acting
Clinical Director of the National Cancer Institute (NCI) and a member of the
FDA's Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee. Dr. Canellos was also a past president
of the American Society for Clinical Oncology and a former Editor-in-Chief of
the Journal of Clinical Oncology. Dr. Canellos currently serves as Medical
Director for Network Development, Dana-Farber/Partners CancerCare and is on the
senior staff at the Brigham and Women's Hospital, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute
and Massachusetts General Hospital.

         DR. MICHAEL HARRIS is Director of the Tomorrows Children's Institute
for Cancer and Blood Disorders, Chief of Pediatric Hematology-Oncology at the
Hackensack University Medical Center and Professor of Pediatrics at the
UMDNJ-New Jersey Medical School. Additionally, Dr. Harris is a member of the
National Cancer Institute's Special Review Committee where he is responsible for
the review of Community Clinical Oncology Programs, and Associate Editor for
Pediatric Oncology for the scientific journal Cancer Investigation. Dr. Harris
previously served as Chief of Pediatric Hematology-Oncology at The Mt. Sinai
Medical Center in New York City.

         DR. JAMES D'OLIMPIO is Director of the North Shore University
Hospital's Supportive Oncology and Palliative Care Service and is also Associate
Professor of Medical Oncology at New York University's School of Medicine. His
research has focused on improving the quality of life of cancer patients,
especially by reversing the wasting process (cachexia) associated with cancer,
and in cancer treatment related fatigue syndrome.

         MS. CAROL ARMENTI is the founder and Executive Director of the Center
for Cervical Health, a patient advocacy organization primarily devoted to
cervical health issues in the U.S. Ms. Armenti serves on the FDA advisory board
and other governmental consulting boards, and is a lecturer on women's health
issues.

         DR. HOWARD YOUNG currently serves on the staff of a cancer research
institute and has been elected to serve as the Vice President of the
International Society for Interferon and Cytokine Research in 2002 and 2003 and
as President in 2004 and 2005. During 2001, Dr. Young was elected a fellow to
the American Academy of Microbiology. Dr. Young served as Chair of the
Immunology Division of the American Society for



                                       7
<PAGE>

Microbiology from 1996-1997. Dr. Young has authored/co-authored over 200
research papers in the field of cellular and molecular immunology. He is a
member of the editorial boards of the "Journal of Interferon and Cytokine
Research," "The Journal of Biological Chemistry, "Genes and Immunity," and
served on the editorial board of "The Journal of Immunology" from 1997-2001. Dr.
Young is Editor-in-Chief of the "Newsletter of the International Society of
Interferon and Cytokine Research."

BUSINESS ADVISORY BOARD

         In December 2001, we established a Business Advisory Board currently
consisting of three people. Members of the Business Advisory Board provide us
with access to expertise in international finance, strategic management and
business opportunities. The current members of the Business Advisory Board are:

         ALBERT REICHMANN is the co-founder of Olympia and York Developments
Limited, an international commercial property developer. Mr. Reichmann is also
an international philanthropist whose efforts have supported the establishment
of schools and other institutions around the world.

         JOZEF STRAUS, PH.D., D.SC. (HON.) is Co-Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer of JDS Uniphase Corporation, a leading fiberoptic
communications firm and has numerous publications, presentations and other
honors to his credit.

         PETER LUNDER is the former Co-Chairman and Treasurer of the Dexter Shoe
Company (now owned by Berkshire-Hathaway). Mr. Lunder serves as a Regent of the
Smithsonian Museum and is the Governing Board Chairman of Colby College's Museum
of Art, and a member of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute's Visiting Committee.

PATENTS

         In October 2001, we were awarded a U.S. patent entitled "Preparation of
a Therapeutic Composition," which issued patent protects the preparation and
composition of Product R. In March 2002, we were awarded a U.S. patent entitled
"Topical Treatment of Skin Disease and Eye Afflictions," which issued patent
protects the use of Product R for use in the topical treatment of viral skin
infections such as HPV, shingles and herpes simplex, and viral eye infections
including those caused by herpes simplex virus.

         We believe that patent protection and trade secret protection are
important to our business and that our future will depend, in part, on our
ability to maintain trade secret protection, obtain patents and operate without
infringing the proprietary rights of others both in the United States and
abroad. We currently have 11 patent applications pending with the PTO and 23
patent applications pending in other countries relating to Product R. In the
United States, we have 1 allowed patent and 6 issued patents from the PTO. We
also have 1 issued patent in Australia. As patent applications in the United
States are maintained in secrecy until patents issue and as publication of
discoveries in the scientific or patent literature often lag behind the actual
discoveries, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions
covered by each of our pending patent applications or that we were the first to
file patent applications for such inventions. Furthermore, the patent positions
of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies are highly uncertain and involve
complex legal and factual questions, and, therefore, the breadth of claims
allowed in biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents or their enforceability
cannot be predicted. We cannot be sure that any additional patents will issue
from any of our patent applications or, should any patents issue, that we will
be provided with adequate protection against potentially competitive products.
Furthermore, we cannot be sure that should patents issue, they will be of
commercial value to us, or that private parties, including competitors, will not
successfully challenge our patents or circumvent our patent position in the
United States or abroad.




                                       8
<PAGE>

         In the absence of adequate patent protection, our business may be
adversely affected by competitors who develop comparable technology or products.
Moreover, pursuant to the terms of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act, patents
filed on or after June 8, 1995 have a term of twenty years from the date of such
filing, irrespective of the period of time it may take for such patent to
ultimately issue. This may shorten the period of patent protection afforded to
our products as patent applications in the biopharmaceutical sector often take
considerable time to issue. Under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term
Restoration Act of 1984 (the "Patent Act"), a sponsor may obtain marketing
exclusivity for a period of time following FDA approval of certain drug
applications, regardless of patent status, if the drug is a new chemical entity
or if new clinical studies were used to support the marketing application for
the drug. Pursuant to the FDA Modernization Act of 1997, the period of
exclusivity can be extended if the applicant performs certain studies in
pediatric patients. This marketing exclusivity prevents a third party from
obtaining FDA approval for a similar or identical drug under an Abbreviated New
Drug Application ("ANDA") or a "505(b)(2)" New Drug Application. The statute
also allows a patent owner to obtain an extension of applicable patent terms for
a period equal to one-half the period of time elapsed between the filing of an
IND and the filing of the corresponding NDA plus the period of time between the
filing of the NDA and FDA approval, with a five year maximum patent extension.
We cannot be sure that we will be able to take advantage of either the patent
term extension or marketing exclusivity provisions of this law.

         In order to protect the confidentiality of our technology, including
trade secrets and know-how and other proprietary technical and business
information, we require all of our employees, consultants, advisors and
collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements that prohibit the use or
disclosure of information that is deemed confidential. The agreements also
oblige our employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators to assign to us
developments, discoveries and inventions made by such persons in connection with
their work with us. We cannot be sure that confidentiality will be maintained or
disclosure prevented by these agreements or that our proprietary information or
intellectual property will be protected thereby or that others will not
independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or
intellectual property.

         The pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive and patents have been
applied for by, and issued to, other parties relating to products competitive
with Product R. Therefore, Product R and any other drug candidates may give rise
to claims that they infringe the patents or proprietary rights of other parties
existing now and in the future. Furthermore, to the extent that we or our
consultants or research collaborators use intellectual property owned by others
in work performed for us, disputes may also arise as to the rights in such
intellectual property or in related or resulting know-how and inventions. An
adverse claim could subject us to significant liabilities to such other parties
and/or require disputed rights to be licensed from such other parties. We cannot
be sure that any license required under any such patents or proprietary rights
would be made available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we do not
obtain such licenses, we may encounter delays in product market introductions,
or may find that the development, manufacture or sale of products requiring such
licenses may be precluded. In addition, we could incur substantial costs in
defending ourselves in legal proceedings instituted before the PTO or in a suit
brought against it by a private party based on such patents or proprietary
rights, or in suits by us asserting our patent or proprietary rights against
another party, even if the outcome is not adverse to us. There are extensions
available under the Patent Act if the delay in prosecution of the patent
application results from a delay in the PTO's handling of any interference or
appeal involving the application. We have not conducted any searches or made any
independent investigations of the existence of any patents or proprietary rights
of other parties.



                                       9
<PAGE>

EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT AGREEMENT

         On February 9, 2001, we signed a private equity line of credit
agreement with Cornell Capital Partners, LP. Pursuant to this equity line of
credit agreement and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions,
including those discussed below, Advanced Viral may sell and issue to Cornell
Capital, from time to time, up to an aggregate of $50,000,000 of our common
stock. Until August 14, 2003, assuming the registration statement covering the
resale of the shares issuable pursuant to the equity line of credit is
effective, we may, from time to time, in our sole discretion, sell or "put"
shares of our common stock to Cornell Capital at a price equal to 95% of the
market price of the common stock. Under the equity line of credit agreement, the
market price of Advanced Viral common stock, for purposes of determining the
purchase price, is the average of the three lowest closing bid prices, as
reported by Bloomberg, L.P., of our common stock for the 25 trading day period
ending on the date we notify Cornell Capital of our intention to put common
stock to it, or, in other words, request an advance. To date, we have not drawn
down on the line of credit.

         The maximum advance amount on any advance notice date is equal to the
product of 150% times the 40 day average daily volume traded for the 40 trading
days preceding the advance notice date. The 40 day average volume traded is
equal to the bid price multiplied by the volume for each of the 40 trading days
preceding the advance notice date as reported by Bloomberg, L.P.

         Our ability to put shares of common stock to Cornell Capital is subject
to certain conditions and limitations, including, but not limited to, the
following:

         o  the closing bid price of the common stock on the advance notice date
            shall not be less than the average of the three lowest closing bid
            prices of our common stock for the 25 trading day period ending on
            the date we request an advance.

         o  the registration statement covering the resale of the shares must
            have previously become effective and shall remain effective and
            available for making resales of the put shares;

         o  our representations and warranties contained in the equity line of
            credit agreement must be accurate as of the date of each put;

         o  we must have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with
            all covenants, agreements and conditions required to be performed,
            satisfied or complied with at or prior to the date of each put;

         o  we must have obtained all permits and qualifications required by any
            applicable state in accordance with the registration rights
            agreement for the offer and sale of the put shares, or shall have
            the availability of exemptions therefrom. The sale and issuance of
            the put shares must be legally permitted by all laws and regulations
            to which we are subject;

         o  no statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling, or
            injunction may be in effect which prohibits or directly and
            adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by the equity
            line of credit agreement;

         o  at the time of an advance, there must not have been any material
            adverse change in our business, operations, properties, prospects,
            or financial condition since the date of filing of our most recent
            report with the SEC;



                                       10
<PAGE>

         o  our common stock must not have been delisted from the Bulletin Board
            or suspended from trading by the SEC or the Bulletin Board; and we
            must not have received any notice threatening the continued listing
            of our common stock on the Bulletin Board;

         o  at least 13 trading days must have elapsed since the last date we
            put shares to Cornell Capital; and

         o  no advance date shall be less than 12 trading days after an advance
            notice date.

         Under the equity line of credit agreement, we agreed to register the
common stock for resale by Cornell Capital, which will permit Cornell Capital to
resell the common stock from time to time in the open market or in
privately-negotiated transactions. We have agreed to bear certain expenses,
other than broker discounts and commissions, if any, in connection with the
preparation and filing of the registration statement and any amendments to it.
We intend to file amendments and supplements to the registration statement as
may be necessary in order to keep it effective as long as the equity line of
credit agreement remains in effect or Cornell Capital owns any of our common
stock. We cannot assure you that we will satisfy all of the conditions required
under the equity line of credit agreement or that Cornell Capital will have the
ability to purchase all or any of the shares of common stock put to it
thereunder.

         In addition, pursuant to the equity line of credit agreement, each
officer, director and affiliate of Advanced Viral has agreed that he, she or it
will not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of Cornell
Capital, issue, offer, agree or offer to sell, sell, grant an option for the
purchase or sale of, transfer, pledge, assign, hypothecate, distribute or
otherwise encumber or dispose of any shares of common stock, including options,
rights, warrants or other securities underlying, convertible into, exchangeable
or exercisable for or evidencing any right to purchase or subscribe for any
common stock (whether or not beneficially owned by the undersigned), or any
beneficial interest therein for a period of 10 trading days following the
receipt of an advance notice by Advanced Viral pursuant to the agreement.

         In conjunction with the equity line of credit agreement, we entered
into an agreement with May Davis Group, Inc., our placement agent. May Davis
assisted Advanced Viral in negotiating the equity line of credit agreement. As a
placement fee, we issued to May Davis and certain other investors Class A
Warrants to purchase 5,000,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price
per share equal to $1.00, exercisable in part or in whole at any time until
February 9, 2006, and Class B Warrants to purchase in the aggregate 5,000,000
shares of our common stock at an exercise price equal to the greater of $1.00 or
110% of the bid price of the common stock on the applicable advance date under
the private equity line of credit agreement. Each Class B Warrant is exercisable
pro rata on or after each advance date with respect to that number of warrant
shares equal to the product obtained by multiplying 5,000,000 by a fraction, the
numerator of which is the amount of the advance payable on the applicable
advance date and the denominator of which is $20,000,000, until sixty months
from the date of issuance.

         We may redeem the warrants at a redemption price of $0.01 per share
provided that the bid price for our common stock equals at least $4.00 per share
for a period of ten (10) consecutive trading days, as described therein. The
warrants contain provisions that adjust the purchase price and number of shares
issuable upon the occurrence of certain events, such as a stock split, reverse
stock split, stock dividend, merger, or recapitalization. Assuming the
registration statement covering the shares underlying the warrants and the
equity line of credit is not suspended, the holder may effect a cashless
exercise of the warrant commencing with the first advance date. There are also
certain "piggyback" registration rights with respect to the shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants pursuant to a registration rights
agreement.




                                       11
<PAGE>

MARKETING AND SALES

         Except for limited sales of Product R for testing and other purposes,
Product R is not sold commercially anywhere in the world. As of the date hereof,
our efforts or the efforts of our representatives have produced no material
benefits to us regarding our ability to have Product R sold commercially
anywhere in the world. We have entered into exclusive distribution agreements
with four separate entities granting exclusive rights to distribute Product R in
the countries of Canada, China, Japan, Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, Mexico,
Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay, Brazil and Chile. Pursuant to these
agreements, the distributors are obligated to cause Product R to be approved for
commercial sale in such countries and upon such approval, to purchase from us
certain minimum quantities of Product R to maintain the exclusive distribution
rights. Our marketing plans for Product R are still dependent upon registration
of Product R for sale in various jurisdictions where our distributors are
seeking approvals.

         To date we have received no information that would lead us to believe
that we will be positioned to sell Product R commercially anywhere in the world
in the immediate future, and it is possible that none of our distributors will
ever secure registration of Product R. On July 30, 2001, we submitted an IND
application to the FDA to begin Phase 1 clinical trials of Product R as a
topical treatment for genital warts caused by the human papilloma virus (HPV)
infection. In September 2001, the FDA cleared the IND application to begin Phase
1 clinical trials. In March 2002, Advanced Viral completed the Phase 1 trials
and submitted to the FDA the results, which indicated that Product R was safe
and well tolerated dermatologically in all the doses applied in the study. The
data accrued from the Phase 1 trials will form the basis for the Phase 2
protocol to be submitted to the FDA in the future.

         An application for registration of Product R was filed in March 1998
requesting that Product R be permitted to be sold in Argentina. In this March
1998 filing, DCT, S.R.L., our distribution agent in Argentina, received an
investigational new drug identification number from the National Administration
for Drug, Food and Medical Technology in Argentina, or ANMAT. This allowed DCT
to begin pre-clinical studies on our behalf with Product R which have since been
concluded. In February 2000, DCT received approval from the ANMAT to proceed
with Phase 1 clinical trials in Argentina for Product R. We are currently
evaluating the costs and time necessary to complete Phase 1 clinical trials in
Argentina. DCT must apply for approval from the ANMAT to proceed with Phases II
and III clinical trials before Product R is approved for sale in Argentina. The
costs and time necessary to complete such trials cannot be predicted at this
time, especially given the current faltering political and economic climate in
Argentina. GloboMax Americas has been retained to review the application and
status of Product R in Argentina. Based upon recommendations received from
GloboMax Americas, we will decide how to proceed further in Argentina. We may
not receive regulatory approval in Argentina and therefore may not generate
sales of Product R in Argentina in the near future.

         We initially targeted our sales and marketing efforts to those
countries where Product R was previously marketed by its prior owners for a
number of years as an anti-viral agent in the treatment of Asian influenza,
viral pneumonia, viral infectious hepatitis, mumps, encephalitis, herpes simplex
and herpes zoster. Those countries included Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia,
Taiwan, the Philippines and Malta. Registration of Product R will be required in
such countries as well as in the other countries comprising the distributors'
territories before any significant sales may begin. The registration of Product
R for sale in these countries has been frustrated due to our inability to obtain
the registration and approval to sell Product R in the Bahamas, the country of
origin, and a general lack of published data on the effectiveness of Product R.
Until Product R is registered and approved for sale in the United States, in
another developed country or in the other countries included in the
distributors' territories, we will not generate any material sales of Product R.
For the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, we reported no commercial


                                       12
<PAGE>


sales except limited sales for testing purposes. Product R is not legally
available for commercial sale anywhere in the world, except for testing
purposes. See "--Research, Development and Testing."

         By letter dated February 13, 1996, our subsidiary in the Bahamas,
Advance Viral Research, Ltd., was notified that the National Economic Council of
the Bahamas had refused our subsidiary's request for a "free sales certificate"
for Product R. A free sales certificate is a document typically issued by a
country in which a pharmaceutical product is manufactured which certifies that
such country permits the "free sale" of such product in such country. Most
countries require that, before allowing the registration of a pharmaceutical
product for use in that country, it must at least be registered and certified
for free sale in the country in which it is manufactured. However, the Bahamas
has no procedures currently in place to issue a free sales certificate for any
therapeutic drug, including Product R. If we do not obtain a free sales
certificate or other equivalent document from the Bahamas or another country, or
if we do not receive FDA approval, it is possible that we will not be able to
meet registration requirements in the countries which require that a
pharmaceutical product be at least registered and certified for free sale in the
country in which it is manufactured.

         The Company currently produces bulk clinical trial batches for topical
Product R in its facility in Freeport, Bahamas. The Company has reconfigured
its Yonkers, New York research facility to produce clinical trial batches for
its planned injectable Product R. The Company operates these two facilities to
produce clinical trial batches under current Good Manufacturing Procedures
(cGMP) as set forth by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The
FDA has not approved Product R for distribution or sale in the United States.

COMPETITION

         The pharmaceutical drug industry is highly competitive and rapidly
changing. If we ever successfully develop Product R, it will compete with
numerous existing therapies. In addition, many companies are pursuing novel
drugs that target the same diseases we are targeting with Product R. We believe
that a significant number of drugs are currently under development and will
become available in the future for the treatment of HIV, HPV, other viruses,
cachexia (body wasting) and rheumatoid arthritis. We anticipate that we will
face intense and increasing competition as new products enter the market and
advanced technologies become available. Our competitors' products may be more
effective, or more effectively marketed and sold, than Product R. Competitive
products may render Product R obsolete or noncompetitive before we can recover
the expenses of developing and commercializing Product R. Furthermore, the
development of a cure or new treatment methods for the diseases we are targeting
could render Product R noncompetitive, obsolete or uneconomical. Many of our
competitors:

         o  have significantly greater financial, technical and human resources
            than we have and may be better equipped to develop, manufacture and
            market products;

         o  have extensive experience in preclinical testing and clinical
            trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and
            marketing pharmaceutical products; and



                                       13
<PAGE>

         o  have products that have been approved or are in late stage
            development and operate large, well-funded research and development
            programs.

         A number of therapeutics are currently marketed or are in advanced
stages of clinical development for the treatment of HIV infection and AIDS,
including several products currently marketed as part of a "cocktail" in the
United States. We believe Product R should be added to such cocktails in order
to enhance their effectiveness and mitigate the toxic effects of other drugs
used to treat HIV infections. Among the companies with significant commercial
presence in the AIDS market are Glaxo SmithKline, Bristol-Myers Squibb,
Hoffmann-La Roche, Agouron Pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co. and DuPont Pharma.

         Several products are currently marketed for the treatment of cachexia
(body wasting) included Megace(R) oral suspension manufactured by Bristol-Myers
Squibb and Serostim(R) (injectable human growth hormone) marketed by Serono
Laboratories Inc.

         Several therapeutics are currently marketed or are in advanced stages
of clinical development for the treatment of HPV. Schering Plough Corp.
manufactures Intron A, an injectable interferon product approved by the FDA for
the treatment of HPV. 3M Pharmaceuticals received FDA approval for its
immune-response modifier, Aldara(R), a self-administered topical cream, for the
treatment of HPV. Product R, if approved for commercial sale by the FDA, would
also compete with surgical, chemical, and other methods of treating HPV.
Products developed by our competitors or advances in other methods of the
treatment of HPV may have a negative impact on the commercial viability of
Product R.

         Several products are currently marketed or are in advanced stages of
clinical development for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Immunex Corp.'s
product Enbrel, a biologic response modifier, was approved by the FDA in
November 1998 for the treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis.
Centocor Inc. is developing a monoclonal antibody known as Remicade, an
anti-inflammatory agent that has completed Phase 3 trials in rheumatoid
arthritis. The FDA approved Remicade for treatment of Crohn's disease in August
1998. Centocor filed for FDA approval of an expanded indication for Remicade for
rheumatoid arthritis in January 1999. These products represent significant
competition for Product R as a treatment for rheumatoid arthritis.

         Other small companies may also prove to be significant competitors,
particularly through collaborative arrangements with large pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies. Academic institutions, governmental agencies and other
public and private research organizations are also becoming increasingly aware
of the commercial value of their inventions and are more actively seeking to
commercialize the technology they have developed.

         If we successfully develop and obtain approval for Product R, we will
face competition based on the safety and effectiveness of Product R, the timing
and scope of regulatory approvals, the availability of supply, marketing and
sales capability, reimbursement coverage, price, patent position and other
factors. Our competitors may develop or commercialize more effective or more
affordable products, or obtain more effective patent protection, than we do.
Accordingly, our competitors may commercialize products more rapidly or
effectively than we do, which could hurt our competitive position and adversely
affect our business. If and when we obtain FDA approval for Product R, we expect
to compete primarily on the basis of product performance and price with a number
of pharmaceutical companies, both in the United States and abroad.

EMPLOYEES

         We have 37 full-time employees, consisting of our 3 executive officers,
2 vice presidents, 18 employees involved in research, 6 employees responsible



                                       14
<PAGE>

for quality assurance and quality control, an assistant controller, a chief
information officer and 6 administrative employees. Dr. Hirschman, our
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, and
Alan V. Gallantar, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, each devote all of
their business time to our day-to-day business operations. Eli Wilner, our
Secretary and a director, devotes as much time to his duties as is reasonably
necessary. Additionally, we may hire, as and when needed, and as available, such
sales and technical support staff and consultants for specific projects on a
contract basis. See "Management --Employment Contracts, Termination of
Employment and Change-in-Control Arrangements."

ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY

         We lease approximately 16,650 square feet for executive offices,
including research laboratory space and production area at 200 Corporate
Boulevard South, Yonkers, New York from an unaffiliated third party (the
"Yonkers Lease"). The term of the Yonkers Lease is five years through April 2005
and our annual rental obligation under the Yonkers Lease is approximately
$260,000 until May 1, 2002 at which time our annual rental obligation will
increase to approximately $290,000.

         The Bahamian manufacturing facility, which was acquired on December 16,
1987, is located in Freeport, Bahamas and consists of an approximate 29,000
square foot site containing a one-story concrete building of approximately 7,300
square feet and is equipped for all topical phases of the testing, production,
and packaging of bulk Product R. The Bahamian facility is currently being used
to store and produce bulk inventory for testing purposes.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         In June 2000, we filed an action and complaint in the Supreme Court of
New York, Westchester County, against Commonwealth Pharmaceuticals, Ltd.
("Commonwealth"), Immune Modulation Maximum Corp. ("IMMC") and Charles E. Miller
(collectively, the "Defendants") alleging a breach by Commonwealth of an
exclusive distribution agreement between Advanced Viral and Commonwealth,
misappropriation of trade secrets and confidential information, conversion and
conspiracy to convert our property interests in Reticulose(R). We further
alleged that Defendant Miller filed and obtained a U.S. patent entitled
"Composition Containing Peptides and Nucleic Acids and Methods of Making Same"
based on a study conducted by a third party using Reticulose(R), and that such
patent was assigned to Defendant IMMC, a company controlled by Defendant Miller,
in violation of the exclusive distribution agreement.

         In our complaint, we sought relief in the form of (i) assignment of the
patent to Advanced Viral, (ii) adjudgment that Defendants breached,
misappropriated, converted and conspired to convert our property rights, (iii)
damages, profits realized and interest thereon; and (iv) attorneys' fees, costs
and expenses. In response, on August 3, 2000, Defendants filed a Motion to
Dismiss the Complaint alleging lack of personal jurisdiction or, in the
alternative, that the agreement underlying our claim is legally inoperative.

         In August 2000, Commonwealth and IMMC filed a suit against Advanced
Viral in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan
which alleged that IMMC, and not Advanced Viral, was the owner of the
exclusive/broad rights in Reticulose(R), and sought, among other things: (i) a
declaratory judgment that IMMC is the exclusive owner of the broad/exclusive



                                       15
<PAGE>

rights to Reticulose(R) and the subject patent; (ii) an injunction against
Advanced Viral from further attempts to use, market or assert any claims of
ownership over any broad/exclusive rights in Reticulose(R), or the use,
publication or disclosure of information regarding Reticulose(R); (iii) return
of such information to IMMC; (iv) that Advanced Viral assign any
Reticulose(R)-related trademarks to IMMC and (v) that Advanced Viral pay the
plaintiffs in this case damages, profits, costs and attorneys' fees. Advanced
Viral was served with a copy of the complaint on August 8, 2000.

         In January 2001, Advanced Viral and the Defendants stipulated to
dismiss the case in New York without prejudice. In July 2001, Advanced Viral
filed a Motion for Summary Judgment seeking dismissal of the Defendants' claim
of exclusive ownership to Reticulose and grant of such exclusive ownership to
Advanced Viral.

         On November 8, 2001, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District
of Michigan dismissed with prejudice all of the claims of the Defendants. In
connection with its dismissal order, the U.S. District Court further held that
Advanced Viral is the exclusive owner of all Reticulose(R) technology. In
connection with our counterclaims against the Defendants, on March 20, 2002,
Advanced Viral and the Defendants entered into a Settlement Agreement in
settlement of Advanced Viral's claims against the Defendants. The Settlement
Agreement was entered as part of the final judgment of the District Court on
March 25, 2002, and all remaining claims were dismissed. The Settlement
Agreement provided, among other things, that:

         (i)      the Defendants acknowledged that Advanced Viral is the sole
                  and rightful owner of all rights, title and interests for the
                  United States and throughout the world in and to the
                  Reticulose(R) trademark and all Reticulose(R) technology;

         (ii)     the Defendants sold, assigned and transferred, jointly and
                  severally, to Advanced Viral, its successors and assigns, all
                  their claims, rights, title and interests for the United
                  States and throughout the world in and to Reticulose(R), the
                  Reticulose(R) trademark, the Reticulose(R) technology, any
                  modifications, improvements or derivations thereto, and all
                  related patents, inventions, discoveries, currently pending
                  patent applications and any patents, discoveries and
                  inventions resulting therefrom or described therein, free and
                  clear from any encumbrance whatsoever;

         (iii)    Advanced Viral granted to IMMC a non-exclusive,
                  non-transferable, royalty-free license to make, use and sell
                  products coming within the scope of the patents transferred by
                  defendants to Advanced Viral, but only to the extent such
                  products are in the form of orally administered dietary
                  supplements which were already being sold on IMMC's then
                  current website;

         (iv)     Defendants agreed to indemnify, hold harmless and reimburse
                  Advanced Viral from and for any and all liabilities arising
                  from the manufacture, distribution, marketing, sale or use of
                  any of IMMC's products; and

         (v)      the Defendants agreed not to advertise or publicize that there
                  is any connection between any of Defendants' products and
                  Advanced Viral, its predecessors or Reticulose(R), nor will it
                  copy, distribute or publicize, orally or otherwise, any data
                  obtained by or produced on behalf of Advanced Viral or any of
                  its predecessors relating to Reticulose(R) or any other
                  product of Advanced Viral as if the data were developed by or
                  for Defendants or was derived from product of any of the
                  Defendants, and such data shall be returned to Advanced Viral
                  to the extent it is in the possession of the Defendants.



                                       16
<PAGE>


         Advanced Viral is not currently a party to any material litigation,
nor, to the knowledge of management, is any such litigation currently
threatened.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         During the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2001, no
matters were submitted to a vote of security holders of Advanced Viral.

                                    PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

COMMON STOCK

         The principal United States market in which our common stock is traded
is the over-the-counter market electronic Bulletin Board. The following table
shows the range of reported low bid and high bid per share quotations for our
common stock for each full quarterly period during the two recent years ended
December 31, 2000 and 2001, and for the first quarter of 2002. The high and low
bid prices for the periods indicated reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail
mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions.

                                                      LOW BID      HIGH BID
                                                      -------      --------

     First Quarter 2000..............................   0.185        1.40
     Second Quarter 2000.............................   0.33         0.61
     Third Quarter 2000..............................   0.445        0.648
     Fourth Quarter 2000.............................   0.26         0.45

     First Quarter 2001..............................   0.285        0.41
     Second Quarter 2001.............................   0.265        0.495
     Third Quarter 2001..............................   0.171        0.395
     Fourth Quarter 2001.............................   0.179        0.40

     First Quarter 2002 (through March 29)...........   0.158        0.285

STOCKHOLDERS

         The approximate number of holders of record of our common stock as of
March 27, 2002 is 2,936 inclusive of those brokerage firms and/or clearing
houses holding shares of common stock for their clientele (with each such
brokerage house and/or clearing house being considered as one holder).

DIVIDEND POLICY

         We have not declared or paid any dividends on our shares of common
stock. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, that may be generated from
our operations to finance our future operations and expansion and do not plan
for the reasonably foreseeable future to pay dividends to holders of our common
stock. Any decision as to the future payment of dividends will depend on our
results of operations and financial position and such other factors as our board
of directors in its discretion deems relevant.



                                       17
<PAGE>

ITEM 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

         The following selected historical financial data as of and for the
years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, 1999, 1998 and 1997 have been derived from
our audited financial statements. The selected consolidated financial data set
forth below should be read along with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the financial statements and
notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.

                      SELECTED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                             YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                           ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               2001               2000               1999               1998               1997
                                           ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
<S>                                        <C>                <C>                <C>                <C>                <C>
Revenues                                   $     17,601       $      8,363       $     10,953       $        656       $      2,278
                                           ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
Costs and Expenses:
 Research and development                     5,150,869          3,192,551          1,948,937          1,659,456            817,603
 General and administrative                   4,301,333          2,621,542          1,831,061          1,420,427          1,681,436
 Compensation expense                           691,404          1,901,927            210,144                 --                 --
 Depreciation                                   532,264            362,392            230,785            110,120             26,288
                                           ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
                                             10,675,870          8,078,412          4,220,927          3,190,003          2,525,327
                                           ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
Loss from Operations                        (10,658,269)        (8,070,049)        (4,209,974)        (3,189,347)        (2,523,049)
                                           ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
Other Income (Expense):
 Interest income                                114,057            162,077             42,744            102,043            111,845
 Other income                                        --                 --                 --                293              7,800
 Interest expense                              (868,856)        (1,446,692)        (2,007,032)        (1,470,699)        (1,738,325)
 Severance expense - former directors          (302,500)                --                 --                 --                 --
                                                                                                                       ------------
                                             (1,057,299)        (1,284,615)        (1,964,288)        (1,368,363)        (1,618,680)
                                           ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
Net Loss                                   $(11,715,568)      $ (9,354,664)      $ (6,174,262)      $ (4,557,710)      $ (4,141,729)
                                           ============       ============       ============       ============       ============
Net Loss Per Share of Common
 Stock - Basic and Diluted                 $      (0.03)      $      (0.03)      $      (0.02)      $      (0.02)      $      (0.02)
                                           ============       ============       ============       ============       ============


</TABLE>

                                       18
<PAGE>



                           SELECTED BALANCE SHEET DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                    AT DECEMBER 31
                                               ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    2001             2000             1999             1998             1997
                                               -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
<S>                                            <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
ASSETS
Current Assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents                     $   1,499,809    $   5,962,633    $     836,876    $     924,420    $     236,059
 Investments                                              --               --               --          821,047        2,984,902
 Inventory                                                --           19,729           19,729           19,729           19,729
 Other current assets                                 63,162           34,804           59,734           29,818           20,240
                                               -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
 Total current assets                              1,562,971        6,017,166          916,339        1,795,014        3,260,930

Property and Equipment, Net                        3,000,583        1,944,199        1,375,923        1,049,593          485,661

Other Assets                                         885,237          847,349          569,312          460,346          443,251
                                               -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
 Total assets                                  $   5,448,791    $   8,808,714    $   2,861,574    $   3,304,953    $   4,189,842
                                               =============    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS'
  EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)
Current Liabilities:
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities      $   1,843,706    $     902,961    $     728,872    $     279,024    $     375,606
 Current portion of capital lease
   obligation                                         64,197           58,690           50,315    $      38,335               --
 Current portion of note payable                      24,246           21,517           19,095               --               --
                                               -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
 Total current liabilities                         1,932,149          983,168          798,282          317,359          375,606
                                               -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------

Long-Term Debt:
 Convertible debentures, net                              --               --        4,446,629        1,457,919        2,384,793
 Capital lease obligation - long term
    portion                                           42,370          106,567          152,059          167,380               --
 Note payable - long term portion                     32,198           56,446           77,964               --               --
                                               -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
Total long-term debt                                  74,568          163,013        4,676,652        1,625,299        2,384,793
                                               -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
Deposit on Securities Purchase Agreement                  --               --               --          600,000               --

Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency):
 Common stock; 1,000,000,000 shares of
   $.00001 par value authorized, 403,296,863
   and 380,214,618 shares issued and
   outstanding                                         4,033            3,802            3,034            2,964            2,779
 Additional paid-in capital                       47,666,141       39,969,373       17,537,333       14,325,076       10,512,767
 Subscription receivable                                  --               --               --               --          (19,000)
 Deficit accumulated during development
   stage                                         (40,795,470)     (29,079,902)     (19,725,238)     (13,550,976)      (8,993,266)
 Deferred compensation cost                                                                             (14,769)         (73,837)
 Discount on warrants                             (3,432,630)      (3,230,740)        (428,489)              --               --
                                               -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
 Total stockholders' equity (deficiency)           3,442,074        7,662,533       (2,613,360)         762,295        1,429,443
                                               -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
 Total liabilities and stockholders'
  equity (deficiency)                          $   5,448,791    $   8,808,714    $   2,861,574    $   3,304,953    $   4,189,842
                                               =============    =============    =============    =============    =============
 Shares outstanding at period end                403,296,863      380,214,618      303,472,035      296,422,907      277,962,574
                                               -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                       19
<PAGE>


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
        RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF THE RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND THE FINANCIAL
CONDITION OF ADVANCED VIRAL SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH ADVANCED VIRAL'S
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES THERETO INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS
REPORT.

OVERVIEW

         Since our inception in July 1985, Advanced Viral has been engaged
primarily in research and development activities. We have not yet generated
significant operating revenues, and as of December 31, 2001 we had incurred a
cumulative net loss of approximately $40,795,000. Our ability to generate
substantial operating revenue depends upon our success in gaining FDA approval
for the commercial use and distribution of Product R. All of our research and
development efforts have been devoted to the development of Product R.

         We have commenced clinical trials for regulatory approval of Product R
in the United States. On July 30, 2001, we submitted an IND application to the
FDA to begin Phase 1 clinical trials of Product R as a topical treatment for
genital warts caused by the human papilloma virus (HPV) infection. We contracted
with GloboMax LLC of Hanover, Maryland to assist us in our preparation and
filing of the IND with the FDA, and to otherwise assist us through the FDA
process with the objective of obtaining full approval for the manufacture and
commercial distribution of Product R in the United States. In the IND we
included, among other things:

         o  information on chemistry, laboratory and animal controls;

         o  safety information for the initial study proposed to be conducted on
            humans; and

         o  information assuring the identification, quality and purity of
            Product R and a description of the physical, chemical and
            microbiological characteristics of Product R.

         In September 2001, the FDA cleared the IND application to begin Phase 1
clinical trials. In March 2002, Advanced Viral completed the Phase 1 trials and
submitted to the FDA the results, which indicated that Product R was safe and
well tolerated dermatologically in all the doses applied in the trials. The data
accrued from the Phase 1 trials will form the basis for the Phase 2 protocol to
be submitted to the FDA in the future. We currently do not have sufficient
resources to complete Phase 2 trials.

         Conducting the human clinical trials of Product R pursuant to the
approved IND will require significant cash expenditures. Furthermore, Product R
may never be approved for commercial distribution by any country. Because our
research and development expenses and clinical trial expenses will be charged
against earnings for financial reporting purposes, we expect that losses from
operations will continue to be incurred for the foreseeable future.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000 AND 1999

         During the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 we incurred
losses of approximately $11,716,000, $9,355,000 and $6,174,000, respectively.
Our increased losses for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 were
attributable primarily to:



                                       20
<PAGE>

         GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. General and administrative
expenses were approximately $4,301,000, $2,622,000 and $1,831,000 in 2001, 2000
and 1999, respectively. General and administrative expenses increased by
approximately $1,679,000 in 2001 vs. 2000 and increased by $791,000 in 2000
vs.1999, resulting primarily from:

         o  increased payroll and related expenses (approximately $1,171,000 in
            2001 vs. $717,000 in 2000 and $614,000 in 1999) primarily
            attributable to increased employee and officer salaries and the
            addition of two vice presidents for drug development and quality
            assurance in 2001;

         o  increased insurance costs (approximately $421,000 in 2001 vs.
            $308,000 in 2000 and $240,000 in 1999) representing increased
            premiums for employee medical insurance and additional corporate
            liability insurance including directors and officers liability
            coverage; and

         o  increased professional fees from 2001 to 2000 (approximately
            $1,431,000 in 2001 vs. $385,000 in 2000), compared to $425,000 1999.
            The increase is primarily attributed to certain legal proceedings
            the cost of which was approximately $953,000. See "Legal
            Proceedings"

         COMPENSATION EXPENSE RELATED TO MODIFICATION OF EXISTING OPTIONS.
Compensation expense was approximately $691,000 in 2001, compared to $1,902,000
and $210,000 in 2000 and 1999, respectively. These amounts are the result of the
calculation of the fair value of options, using the Black Scholes Pricing Model,
resulting from extending the exercise date of various non-employee options
outstanding.

         RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSE. Research and development expense was
approximately $5,151,000 in 2001, compared to $3,193,000 and $1,949,000 in 2000
and 1999, respectively. The increase from 2000 to 2001 resulted primarily from
research expenses (approximately $1,417,000) relating to the GloboMax agreement
in connection with the preparation of our first IND filing and approximately
$233,000 for research expenditures relating to research and testing of Product R
in Israel. The increase from 1999 to 2000 resulted primarily from research
expenses related to the GloboMax agreement of approximately $1,250,000. The
approximate costs of rent, personnel, operating costs and laboratory supplies
associated with the Yonkers laboratory for the years ended 2001, 2000 and 1999
were charged to research and development expense as follows: $2,230,000,
$1,696,000 and $1,325,000.

         DEPRECIATION EXPENSE. Depreciation expense was approximately $532,000
in 2001 compared to $362,000 and $231,000 in 2000 and 1999, respectively. The
increase from 2000 to 2001 resulted primarily from the acquisition of furniture,
fixtures and equipment for the Yonkers office, laboratory and production
facility. In addition, leasehold improvements were made to the laboratory and
production areas during 2001, 2000 and 1999.

         INTEREST EXPENSE. Interest expense for the years ended 2001, 2000 and
1999 was approximately $869,000, $1,447,000 and $2,007,000, respectively.
Included in interest expense for these periods was:

         o  the beneficial conversion feature on certain convertible debentures
            of approximately $0, $387,000, and $1,045,000 for the years ended
            2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively;

         o  interest expense associated with certain convertible debentures of
            approximately $0, $76,000 and $163,000 for the years ended 2001,
            2000 and 1999, respectively;



                                       21
<PAGE>


         o  amortization of discount on certain warrants of approximately
            $989,000, $611,000 and $148,000 for the years ended 2001, 2000 and
            1999, respectively;

         o  amortization of loan costs of approximately $15,000, $106,000 and
            $331,000 for the years ended 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively;

         o  fees of approximately $265,000 in connection with the November 2000
            securities purchase agreement with Harbor View;

         o  Additional financing costs related to effective date of certain
            registration statements of approximately $286,000 in 1999 (of which
            approximately $156,000 was reversed in 2001).

         SEVERANCE EXPENSE. Severance expense for the year ended December 31,
2001 was approximately $303,000, paid under severance agreements entered into
between the retiring directors and the Company.

         REVENUES. There were approximately $18,000 and $8,000 in sales revenue
in 2001 and 2000, respectively, compared to $11,000 in sales revenues for 1999.
All sales revenue resulted from distributors purchasing Product R for testing
purposes. Interest income was approximately $114,000 and $162,000 in 2001 and
2000, respectively, compared to approximately $43,000 in 1999.

LIQUIDITY

         YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001 AND 2000

         As of December 31, 2001, we had current assets of approximately
$1,563,000, compared to approximately $6,017,000 at December 31, 2000. We had
total assets of approximately $5,449,000 and $8,809,000 at December 31, 2001 and
2000, respectively. The decrease in current and total assets was primarily
attributable to unfavorable market conditions relating to the ability to obtain
investment capital (approximately $5.8 million in 2001 compared to approximately
$11.8 million in 2000) to fund future operating expenditures. The unfavorable
conditions reflected the general economic environment magnified by the tragic
events of September 11, 2001.

         During 2001, we used cash of approximately $8,577,000 for operating
activities, as compared to approximately $5,742,000 in 2000. During 2001, we
incurred expenses of:

         o  approximately $2,703,000 for payroll and related costs primarily for
            administrative staff, scientific personnel and executive officers;

         o  approximately $2,667,000 in consulting fees to GloboMax and its
            subcontractors;

         o  approximately $362,000 for rent and utilities for our Yonkers
            facility;

         o  approximately $407,000 for laboratory supplies;

         o  approximately $233,000 in expenditures on Product R research in
            Israel;

         o  approximately $303,000 paid under severance agreements entered into
            between the retiring directors and the Company; and




                                       22
<PAGE>

         o  approximately $421,000 for insurance costs and approximately
            $1,431,000 for other professional fees including approximately
            $953,000 for certain litigation proceedings, see "Legal
            Proceedings'.

         During the year ended December 31, 2001, cash flows provided by
financing activities was primarily due to the proceeds from the sale of common
stock of approximately $5,783,000 offset by principal payments of approximately
$80,000 on equipment obligations. This compares to the year ended December 31,
2000 where funds of approximately $11,836,000 were provided by sale of
convertible debentures, the sale of common stock and exercise of options and
warrants offset by principal payments of approximately $69,000 on equipment
obligations.

         During the year ended December 31, 2001, cash flow used by investing
activities were used for expenditures of approximately $1,589,000 for leasehold
improvements, research and laboratory equipment, and software for accounting,
administrative and production control at our Yonkers, New York facility.

         On February 9, 2001 we entered into a private equity line of credit
agreement with Cornell Capital Partners, LP. Under the equity line of credit
agreement, we have the right to put shares of our common stock to Cornell
Capital from time to time to raise up to $50,000,000, subject to certain
conditions and restrictions. Pursuant to the terms of a registration rights
agreement entered in connection with the equity line of credit, we filed with
the SEC a registration statement to register the resale of shares of common
stock purchased by Cornell Capital upon the exercise of each put option. Such
registration statement was declared effective in February 2001.

         The independent certified public accountants' report on our
consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001,
includes an emphasis paragraph regarding certain liquidity considerations. Note
2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements states that our cash position may be
inadequate to pay all the costs associated with the full range of testing and
clinical trials of Product R required by the FDA, and, unless and until Product
R is approved for sale in the United States or another industrially developed
country, we may be dependent upon the continued sale of our securities, debt or
equity financing for funds to meet our cash requirements. We believe that cash
flows from sales of securities and from current financing arrangements will be
sufficient to fund operations for the next year. Although we may not be
successful in doing so, we intend to continue to sell our securities in an
attempt to mitigate the effects of our cash position. No assurance can be given
that equity or debt financing, if and when required, will be available.

CAPITAL RESOURCES

         We have been dependent upon the proceeds from the continued sale of
securities for the funds required to continue operations at present levels and



                                       23
<PAGE>

to fund further research and development activities. The following table
summarizes sales of our securities since December 1999.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                    CONVERTIBLE/          CONVERSION PRICE/         MATURITY DATE/
 DATE ISSUED      GROSS PROCEEDS   SECURITY ISSUED  EXERCISABLE INTO      EXERCISE PRICE            EXPIRATION DATE
 -----------      --------------   ---------------  ----------------      --------------            ---------------
<S>               <C>             <C>               <C>                   <C>                       <C>
December 1999 -   $2,000,000      Debentures        13,946,713 shares     $0.1363-.3564 per share   Fully converted
January 2000                     .......................................................................................
                                  Warrants          210,000 shares        $0.19916667 per share      December 30, 2002
 ........................................................................................................................
February 2000     $3,000,000      Common Stock      13,636,357 shares     n/a                        n/a
                                 .......................................................................................
                                  Warrants          2,727,272 shares      $0.275 per share           February 27, 2005
                                  ......................................................................................
                                                    2,727,272 shares      $0.33 per share
 ........................................................................................................................
November 2000     $5,371,000      Common Stock      13,427,500 shares     $0.40 per share            n/a
thru March 2001                   ......................................................................................
                                  Warrants          4,028,250 shares      $0.48 per share            November 7, 2005
                                  ......................................................................................
                                                    4,028,250 shares      $0.56 per share
 ........................................................................................................................
November 2000     $1,500,000      Common Stock      4,960,317 shares      $0.3024 per share          n/a
 ........................................................................................................................
February 2001     Equity Line     Warrants          10,000,000 shares     $1.00 per share (1)        February 9, 2006
 ........................................................................................................................
July 2001         $1,000,000      Common Stock      3,125,000 shares      $0.32 per share            n/a
 ........................................................................................................................
July 2001         $490,000        Common Stock      1,225,000 shares      $0.40 per share            n/a
                                  ......................................................................................
                                  Warrants          367,500 shares        $0.48 per share            July 27, 2006
                                  ......................................................................................
                                                    367,500 shares        $0.56 per share
 ........................................................................................................................
August 2001       $600,000        Common Stock      2,000,000 shares      $0.30 per share            n/a
 ........................................................................................................................
September 2001    $1,000,000      Common Stock      6,666,667 shares      $0.15 per share            n/a
 ........................................................................................................................
December 2001     $200,000        Common Stock      740,741               $0.27 per share            n/a
 ........................................................................................................................
December 2001     $410,000        Common Stock      1,518,519             $0.27 per share            n/a
 ........................................................................................................................
December 2001     $2,000,000      Common Stock      7,407,407             $0.27 per share            n/a
 ........................................................................................................................
February 2002     $500,000        Common Stock      3,333,333             $0.15 per share            n/a
 ........................................................................................................................
February 2002     $500,000        Common Stock      3,333,333             $0.15 per share            n/a
 ........................................................................................................................
March 2002        $500,000        Common Stock      3,333,333             $0.15 per share            n/a
 ........................................................................................................................

</TABLE>

----------------------------
(1)  Represents warrants issued in connection with the equity line of credit,
     including Class A Warrants to purchase in the aggregate 5,000,000 shares of
     our common stock at an exercise price per share equal to $1.00, exercisable
     at any time until February 9, 2006, and Class B Warrants to purchase in the
     aggregate 5,000,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price equal
     to the greater of $1.00 or 110% of the bid price of the common stock on the
     applicable advance date. Each Class B Warrant is exercisable pro rata on or
     after each advance date with respect to that number of warrant shares equal
     to the product obtained by multiplying 5,000,000 by a fraction, the
     numerator of which is the amount of the advance payable on the applicable
     advance date and the denominator of which is $20,000,000, until sixty
     months from the date of issuance.

SECURITIES ISSUED IN 1999 AND 2000

         ENDEAVOUR CAPITAL FUND S.A.: Pursuant to a securities purchase
agreement dated December 28, 1999 in a private offering transaction under
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, we issued the first $1,000,000 tranche of
$2,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of our 7% convertible debentures due
December 31, 2004 to Endeavour Capital Fund S.A. (the "Endeavour Transaction").
In connection with the sale of the first tranche of debentures, we issued
warrants to purchase 100,000 shares of our common stock to Endeavour, and two
warrants to purchase 5,000 shares of common stock to Endeavour's legal counsel.
Accrued interest under the convertible debentures was computed at the rate of 7%
per annum on the unpaid principal balance from the date of issuance until the
date of interest payment and was payable on conversion of the debenture or on
maturity in common stock using the same conversion formula. The convertible
debentures were convertible, at the option of the holder, into shares of common
stock pursuant to a specified formula.

         These warrants expire on December 31, 2002 and are exercisable at
$0.19916667 per share. The warrants provide that the holder may elect to receive
a reduced number of shares of common stock on the basis of a cashless exercise.
The warrants contain anti-dilution provisions which provide for the adjustment
of the warrant price and warrant shares. As of the date hereof, none of these
warrants had been exercised.

         The fair value of the warrants issued as of December 28, 1999 in
connection with the securities purchase agreement was estimated to be $4,285
($0.0429 per warrant) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of such
warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
expected volatility of 20%, and a risk free interest rate of 6% through the
December 31, 2002 expiration date. This amount has been amortized to interest
expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.



                                       24
<PAGE>

         On January 27, February 22 and 23, 2000 pursuant to notice by Endeavour
Capital Fund, $150,000, $135,000, and $715,000 principal amount of the first
tranche of the Endeavour debentures was converted into 1,105,435, 988,913, and
5,149,035 shares of common stock, respectively. As of February 23, 2000, the
first tranche of the debentures was fully converted. The second tranche of the
debentures issued to Endeavour in 2000, as more fully described below, were
fully converted as of October 23, 2000.

         ENDEAVOUR CAPITAL FUND S.A.: In January 2000, in connection with the
Endeavour Transaction, we issued the second $1,000,000 tranche of $2,000,000 in
aggregate principal amount of our 7% convertible debentures due December 31,
2004, along with warrants to purchase 100,000 shares of our common stock to
Endeavour Capital Fund, S.A. The terms of the second tranche of debentures and
warrants are the identical to the terms of the debentures and warrants issued in
first tranche of the Endeavour Transaction.

         The fair value of the second tranche of warrants issued in January 2000
in connection with the securities purchase agreement was estimated to be $13,600
($0.0136 per warrant) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of such
warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
expected volatility of 90%, and a risk free interest rate of 6% through the
December 31, 2002 expiration date. This amount has been amortized to interest
expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

         On February 24 and 29, and October 23, 2000 pursuant to notice by
Endeavour Capital Fund, $785,000, $200,000 and $15,000 principal amount of the
second tranche of the Endeavour debentures was converted into 5,622,696,
1,036,674 and 42,088 shares of common stock, respectively. As of October 23,
2000, the second tranche of the debentures were fully converted.

         HARBOR VIEW GROUP, INC. On February 7, 2000 pursuant to a consulting
agreement with Harbor View Group, we issued to Harbor View warrants to purchase
1,750,000 shares at an exercise price of $0.21 per share, and warrants to
purchase 1,750,000 shares at an exercise price of $0.26 per share, until
February 28, 2005, in exchange for consulting services provided or to be
provided to us. Each warrant contains anti-dilution provisions which provide for
the adjustment of warrant price and warrant shares. As of the date hereof, none
of these warrants had been exercised.

         The fair value of the warrants is estimated to be $200,249 ($0.057 per
warrant) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the warrant using the
Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected volatility
of 90%; a risk free interest rate of 6% and an expected holding period of eleven
months (the term of the consulting agreement). We determined that $89,045 of the
fair value relates to past services and, accordingly, we expensed this portion
in 2000. The remaining $111,204 was deferred and was amortized during the year
ended December 31, 2001.

         HARBOR VIEW GROUP, INC., ET AL. In February 2000 pursuant to a
securities purchase agreement, we sold to Harbor View Group and various other
purchasers 13,636,357 shares of common stock, and warrants to purchase an
aggregate of 5,454,544 shares of common stock in a private offering transaction
pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, for an aggregate purchase price
of $3,000,000. Half of the warrants are exercisable at $0.275 per share, and
half of the warrants are exercisable at $0.33 per share, until February 28,
2005. Each warrant provides that the holder may elect to receive a reduced
number of shares of common stock on the basis of a cashless exercise; that
number of shares bears the same proportion to the total number shares issuable
under that warrant as the excess of the market value of shares of common stock
over the warrant exercise price bears to that market value. Each warrant
contains anti-dilution provisions which provide for the adjustment of warrant
price and warrant shares. As of the date hereof, warrants to purchase 181,818
shares of common stock had been exercised.


                                       25
<PAGE>


         The fair value of the warrants issued as of February 16, 2000 in
connection with the securities purchase agreement was estimated to be $1,582,734
($0.290 per warrant) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of such
warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
expected volatility of 90%, and a risk free interest rate of 6% through the
February 28, 2005 expiration date. This amount is being amortized to interest
expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

         HARBOR VIEW GROUP, INC., ET AL. On November 8, 2000, pursuant to a
securities purchase agreement with Harbor View Group and various other
purchasers, we authorized the issuance and sale of up to 50,000,000 shares of
our common stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 30,000,000 shares of
common stock in a private offering transaction pursuant to Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act for a purchase price of $0.40 per share. As of March 31, 2001, we
had closed on the sale of 13,427,500 shares and warrants to purchase 8,056,500
shares for an aggregate purchase price of $5,371,000. Half of the warrants are
exercisable at $0.48 per share, and half of the warrants are exercisable at
$0.56 per share, until November 8, 2005. Each warrant contains anti-dilution
provisions that provide for the adjustment of warrant price and warrant shares.
As of the date hereof, none of the warrants had been exercised.

         ROSEWORTH GROUP. On November 16, 2000, we entered into a securities
purchase agreement with Roseworth Group, Ltd., whereby we agreed to sell
4,960,317 shares of our common stock at a price of $.3024 per share for an
aggregate purchase price of $1,500,000. We received such proceeds in November
2000.

SECURITIES ISSUED IN 2001 AND 2002

         EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT AGREEMENT. On February 9, 2001, we entered into
an equity line of credit agreement with Cornell Capital Partners, LP, an
institutional investor, to sell up to $50,000,000 of our common stock. Under the
private equity line of credit, under which we may exercise "put options" to sell
shares for a price equal to 95% of the average of the three lowest reported
closing bid prices of our common stock over a 25 trading day period ending on
the advance notice date (the "Average Bid Price"). The agreement provides that
the closing bid price of the common stock on the put option notice date shall
not be less than the average closing bid price for the previous 25 trading days.
Upon signing the agreement, we issued to our placement agent, May Davis Group,
Inc., and certain investors Class A Warrants to purchase in the aggregate
5,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price per share equal to $1.00,
exercisable in part or in whole at any time until February 9, 2006, and Class B
Warrants to purchase in the aggregate 5,000,000 shares of common stock at an
exercise price equal to the greater of $1.00 or 110% of the bid price of the
common stock on the applicable advance date. Each Class B Warrant is exercisable
pro rata on or after each advance date with respect to that number of warrant
shares equal to the product obtained by multiplying 5,000,000 by a fraction, the
numerator of which is the amount of the advance payable on the applicable
advance date and the denominator of which is $20,000,000, until sixty months
from the date of issuance.

         The fair value of the Class A Warrants is estimated to be $1,019,153
($0.024 per warrant share) based in a financial analysis of the terms of the
warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
expected volatility of 50%; risk free interest rate of 6%. This amount is being
amortized to interest expense over the term of the warrants.

         As of December 30, 2001, we had incurred approximately $83,700 in fees
in connection with the equity line of credit. Such fees have been deferred and
will be amortized over the life of the line of credit.

         VARIOUS PURCHASERS. On July 27, 2001, pursuant to a securities purchase
agreement with various purchasers, we authorized the issuance of and sold
1,225,000 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of
735,000 shares of common stock in a private offering transaction pursuant to
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act for a purchase price of $0.40 per share, for



                                       26
<PAGE>

an aggregate purchase price of $490,000. Half of the warrants are exercisable at
$0.48 per share, and half of the warrants are exercisable at $0.56 per share,
until July 27, 2006. Each warrant contains anti-dilution provisions, which
provide for the adjustment of warrant price and warrant shares. As of the date
hereof, none of the warrants had been exercised.

         SHELF OFFERINGS. On March 31, 2000, we filed a shelf registration
statement with the SEC relating to the offering of shares of our common stock to
be used in connection with financings and resales of the shares issued
thereunder by the recipients of such shares. As of the date of this report we
have issued and sold approximately 39.8 million shares of our common stock and
received proceeds of approximately $8.7 million under the shelf registration
statement, as follows:

         BNC BACH INTERNATIONAL. During 2001, we entered into several stock
purchase agreements with BNC Bach International, Ltd., a British Virgin Islands
corporation, as follows:

         o  On July 19, 2001, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with
            BNC Bach pursuant to which we issued and sold to BNC Bach 3,125,000
            shares of our common stock at $0.32 per share for an aggregate
            purchase price of $1,000,000.

         o  On August 20, 2001, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with
            BNC Bach pursuant to which we issued and sold to BNC Bach 2,000,000
            shares of our common stock at $0.30 per share for an aggregate
            purchase price of $600,000.

         o  On December 18, 2001, we entered into a Stock purchase agreement
            with BNC Bach pursuant to which we issued and sold to BNC Bach
            7,407,407 shares of our common stock at a negotiated price of $0.27
            per share, for a total purchase price of $2,000,000.

         CAMBOIS FINANCE, LTD. On September 28, 2001, we entered into a stock
purchase agreement with Cambois Finance, Ltd. pursuant to which we issued and
sold to Cambois 6,666,667 shares of our common stock at $0.15 per share for an
aggregate purchase price of $1,000,000.

         HARBOR VIEW GROUP. On December 17, 2001, we entered into a Stock
purchase agreement with Harbor View Group, Inc. pursuant to which we issued and
sold to Harbor View 1,518,519 shares of our common stock at a negotiated price
of $0.27 per share, for a total purchase price of $410,000.

         RUSSEL KUHN. On December 17, 2001, we entered into a Stock purchase
agreement with Russel Kuhn pursuant to which we issued and sold to Mr. Kuhn
740,741 shares of our common stock at a negotiated price of $0.27 per share, for
a total purchase price of $200,000.

         ROSEWORTH GROUP. During the first quarter of 2002, we entered into the
following stock purchase agreements with Roseworth Group Limited, a British
Virgin Islands corporation wholly-owned subsidiary of Creon Management, S.A., a
British Virgin Islands corporation whose wholly-owned subsidiary, Cambois
Finance, Ltd., is discussed above:

         o  On February 7, 2002, we entered into a Stock purchase agreement with
            Roseworth Group pursuant to which we issued and sold to Roseworth
            Group 3,333,333 shares of our common stock at a negotiated price of
            $0.15 per share, for a total purchase price of $500,000.



                                       27
<PAGE>


         o  On February 21, 2002, we entered into a Stock purchase agreement
            with Roseworth Group pursuant to which we issued and sold to
            Roseworth Group 3,333,333 shares of our common stock at a negotiated
            price of $0.15 per share, for a total purchase price of $500,000.

         o  On March 22, 2002, we entered into a Stock purchase agreement with
            Roseworth Group pursuant to which we issued and sold to Roseworth
            Group 3,333,333 shares of our common stock at a negotiated price of
            $0.15 per share, for a total purchase price of $500,000.

OUTSTANDING CONVERTIBLE SECURITIES

         As of March 27, 2002, in addition to the 413,296,862 shares of our
common stock currently outstanding, we have: (i) outstanding stock options to
purchase an aggregate of 48,438,380 shares of common stock at exercise prices
ranging from $0.15 to $0.36, of which 46,098,620 are currently exercisable; (ii)
outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 33,706,572 shares of common
stock at prices ranging from $0.199 to $1.00, of which warrants to purchase
23,706,572 shares are currently exercisable; and up to 312,500,000 shares
issuable under the equity line of credit, assuming a purchase price equal to
$0.16. See "Business -- Equity Line of Credit Agreement."

         If all the foregoing securities and put rights were fully issued,
exercised and/or converted, as the case may be, we would receive proceeds of
approximately $80.6 million, and we would have approximately 804.6 million
shares of common stock outstanding. The sale or availability for sale of this
number of shares of common stock in the public market could depress the market
price of the common stock. Additionally, the sale or availability for sale of
this number of shares may lessen the likelihood that additional equity financing
will be available to us, on favorable or unfavorable terms. Furthermore, the
sale or availability for sale of this number of shares could limit the annual
amount of net operating loss carryforwards that could be utilized.

PROJECTED EXPENSES

         During the next 12 months, we expect to incur significant expenditures
relating to operating expenses and expenses relating to regulatory filings and
clinical trials for Product R. We currently do not have cash availability to
meet our anticipated expenditures.

         We are currently seeking additional financing. We anticipate that we
can continue operations through April 2002 with our current liquid assets, if
none of our outstanding convertible securities are exercised or additional
securities sold. Assuming we have satisfied the conditions precedent to draw on
the equity line of credit, and if we receive the full amount of proceeds
available from the equity line of credit, we can continue operations for at
least an additional 12 months, if no convertible securities are exercised or
additional securities sold. Any proceeds received from the exercise of
outstanding convertible securities will contribute to working capital and
increase our budget for research and development and clinical trials and
testing, assuming Product R receives subsequent approvals and prospects for
sales increase to justify such increased levels of operation. The recent
prevailing market price for shares of common stock has from time to time been
below the exercise prices of certain of our outstanding convertible securities.



                                       28
<PAGE>

As such, recent trading levels may not be sustained nor may any additional
convertible securities be exercised. If none of the outstanding convertible
securities are exercised, we do not draw down on the equity line of credit, and
we obtain no other additional financing, in order for us to achieve the level of
operations contemplated by management, management anticipates that we will have
to limit operations. We anticipate that we will be required to sell additional
securities to obtain the funds necessary to further our research and development
activities. We are currently seeking debt financing, licensing agreements, joint
ventures and other sources of financing, but the likelihood of obtaining such
financing on favorable terms is uncertain. Management is not certain whether, at
present, debt or equity financing will be readily obtainable or whether it will
be on favorable terms. Because of the large uncertainties involved in the FDA
approval process for commercial drug use on humans, it is possible that we may
never be able to sell Product R commercially.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

         Not applicable.


ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         The Independent Auditors' Report, Consolidated Financial Statements and
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements begin on page F-1.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

        None.





                                       29
<PAGE>


                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS

MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS

         Our directors and executive officers and further information concerning
them are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

        NAME                           AGE       POSITION
        ----                           ---       --------
<S>                                    <C>       <C>
        Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.      65        President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
                                                 Scientific Officer, Chairman of the Board

        Alan V. Gallantar              44        Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer

        James F. Dicke II (1)          56        Director

        Christopher Forbes             51        Director

        David Seligman (1)             63        Director

        Eli Wilner (1)                 46        Secretary, Director
</TABLE>

----------------
(1)      Member of the Audit and Compensation Committee.


         SHALOM Z. HIRSCHMAN, M.D. has been President, Chief Executive Officer
and a director since October 1996, and Chairman of the Board since December
2001. Dr. Hirschman was Director of the Division of Infectious Diseases and
Professor of Medicine at Mount Sinai School of Medicine, New York, New York,
from May 1969 until October 1996.

         ALAN V. GALLANTAR has been Chief Financial Officer since October 1999
and Treasurer since December 2001. Mr. Gallantar was treasurer and controller
from March 1998 to September 1999 of AMBI Inc., a nutraceutical company, senior
vice president and chief financial officer from 1992 to 1997 of Bradley
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a pharmaceutical manufacturer, and vice president and
divisional controller from 1989 to 1991 for PaineWebber Incorporated. From 1985
to 1989, Mr. Gallantar was second vice president at The Chase Manhattan Bank,
N.A., and from 1983 to 1985, was a senior accountant at Philip Morris
Incorporated. From 1979 to 1983, Mr. Gallantar was a senior accountant in the
audit department of Deloitte & Touche.

         ELI WILNER, our Secretary and a director since December 2001, is the
founder and CEO of Eli Wilner & Company, a New York City art gallery established
in 1983, and is also a leading frame dealer, restorer, collector and published
author. Mr. Wilner was a Bryant Fellows Member of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
in New York City from 1990 to 2000 and since 1990 has been a member of the Forum
and Director's Circle of the National Museum of American Art in Washington, D.C.
Mr. Wilner is a graduate of Brandeis University, where he received his B.A. in
Fine Arts in 1976, and Hunter College, where he received his M.A. in 1978.




                                       30
<PAGE>
         JAMES F. DICKE II, director since December 2001, has been the President
and CEO of Crown Equipment Corporation, a global manufacturer and distributor of
electric forklift trucks, material handling products and television antenna
rotators since 1980. Mr. Dicke sits on the boards of the Culver Educational
Foundation (since 1977), Trinity University (since 1979), Dayton Power and Light
Company (since 1990), Dayton Art Institute (since 1996), Anderson-Cook
Corporation (since 1997). Mr. Dicke graduated from Trinity University in San
Antonio in 1968 with a B.S. in Business Administration.

         CHRISTOPHER FORBES, director since December 2001, has been the Vice
Chairman of Forbes, Inc., a leading provider of business information for
executives and investors, including the company's flagship publication, Forbes
Magazine, since 1989 and a director of Forbes, Inc. since 1977. As Vice Chairman
of Forbes, Inc., Mr. Forbes shares responsibility for the advertising and
promotion departments of Forbes Magazine. Mr. Forbes is Vice Chairman of The
Business Committee for the Arts and sits on the boards of The Newark Museum, The
New York Academy of Art, The Victorian Society in America and The Princess
Margarita of Romania Foundation. He is also currently serving a four-year term
on the Advisory Council of the Victorian Society in America. He is a member of
the Board of Advisors of The Princeton University Art Museum and is a National
Trustee of The Baltimore Museum of Art. Since 1987, Mr. Forbes has been a member
of the Board of Regents of the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York
City. Mr. Forbes graduated MAGNA CUM LAUDE from Princeton University with a B.A.
in Art History in 1972, and was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Humane
Letters by New Hampshire College in 1986.

         DAVID SELIGMAN, director since December 2001, is a partner and founder
of the Law Office of David Seligman, established in 1995. Since 1997, Mr.
Seligman has been a consulting attorney to Gibbons, Del Deo, Dolan, Griffinger
and Vecchione. Mr. Seligman has over thirty years of legal experience in the
pharmaceutical industry, twenty-five of which were spent supervising the
activities of law department attorneys and outside counsel. From 1989 to 1995,
Mr. Seligman was Associate Vice President and responsible for the general legal
activities of various divisions of Hoffman-La Roche, Inc. Mr. Seligman is a
member of the New York State Bar and the American Bar Association, and sits on
the boards of Oxford Pharmaceutical Services, Inc., NitrOSystems, Inc. and
Greenbrook Pharmaceuticals, LLC. Mr. Seligman graduated from Columbia
University, College of Pharmacy (B.S.) in 1959, Fordham University School of Law
(J.D.) in 1962, and New York University School of Law (L.L.M.) in 1966.

         Directors are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of
stockholders and until their successors have been elected and have qualified.

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION

         During 2001, none of our current or former officers served on the Audit
and Compensation Committee, which was established in late December 2001. No
interlocking relationships exist between any member of our board of directors
and any other company's board of directors or compensation committee. No
interlocking relationship existed between any member of our board of directors
and any member of any other company's board of directors or compensation
committee in 2001.

AUDIT AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE

         In late December 2001, we established our Audit and Compensation
Committee. It is anticipated that the Committee, the current members of which
are James F. Dicke II, David Seligman, and Eli Wilner, will recommend to the
board of directors the independent certified public accountants to be selected
to audit our annual financial statements and will approve any special
assignments given to those



                                       31
<PAGE>

accountants. The Committee also will review the planned scope of the annual
audit, the independent accountants' letter of comments and management's response
thereto regarding any major accounting changes made or contemplated and the
effectiveness and efficiency of our internal accounting staff. It is intended
that the Committee also will make recommendations to the board of directors
regarding the compensation payable to our executive officers, reviews general
policies relating to the compensation and benefits of our employees. The Audit
and Compensation Committee did not meet during 2001, and met for the first time
in March 2002.

ITEM 11. COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

DIRECTORS

         We currently do not pay directors fees for their attendance at meetings
of the board of directors. Advanced Viral may revisit this position in the
future.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

         The following table summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by
or paid to (a) our Chief Executive Officer and (b) our other executive officers
whose total salary and bonus exceeded $100,000 (together, the "Named Executive
Officers") for services rendered in all capacities to Advanced Viral and its
subsidiaries for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999.

                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                             LONG TERM
                                                   ANNUAL COMPENSATION                  COMPENSATION AWARDS
                                        ---------------------------------------    -------------------------------
                                                                                      SECURITIES
           NAME AND                                              OTHER ANNUAL         UNDERLYING          ALL OTHER
      PRINCIPAL POSITION         YEAR   SALARY (1)   BONUS     COMPENSATION (3)    OPTIONS/SARS (4)   COMPENSATION (5)
      ------------------         ----   ----------   -----     ----------------    ----------------   ------------
<S>                              <C>     <C>           <C>          <C>             <C>                  <C>
Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.,
Chairman since December 2001,
President, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Scientific
Officer since October 1996       2001    $361,000  $25,000(2)       $30,192               --             $21,270(5)
and consultant from May 24,      2000    $361,000      $0           $30,775               --             $ 4,540(5)
1995 until October 1996.         1999    $325,000      $0           $34,738               --             $ 4,316(5)
 .........................................................................................................................
Alan V. Gallantar, Chief         2001    $225,000   $25,000         $ 6,000               --                  --
Financial Officer since          2000    $200,000   $25,000         $21,000               --                  --
October 1999.                    1999    $ 43,750      $0           $ 1,500           4,547,880               --
 .........................................................................................................................
William Bregman, Secretary
and director from 1985 until     2001    $ 70,000      --              --                 --             $150,000(6)
December 2001, treasurer from    2000    $ 60,000      --              --                 --             $  2,500(5)
1985 to 1999.                    1999    $ 35,000      --              --                 --             $  2,500(5)
 .........................................................................................................................
Bernard Friedland, President
of subsidiary Advance Viral
Ltd. from 1984 until
December 2001; Director of
Advanced Viral from 1985 to      2001    $ 70,000      --              --                 --             $150,000(6)
December 2001, Chairman from     2000    $ 60,000      --              --                 --             $  1,800(5)
1985 to December 2001            1999    $ 35,000      --              --                 --             $  1,800(5)
 .........................................................................................................................
</TABLE>


                                       32
<PAGE>

-------------------------

(1)  Dr. Hirschman's salary increased for the year 2000 to $361,000. Mr.
     Gallantar's salary increased in October 2000 to $200,000 and in October
     2001 to $225,000. Mr. Gallantar was hired in October 1999 and therefore his
     salary in 1999 reflects only three months of his $175,000 annual salary.

(2)  Represents portion of bonus paid to Dr. Hirschman pursuant to the terms of
     his employment agreement in connection with the IND number granted by the
     FDA. The remaining $75,000 due has been accrued as of September 30, 2001.

(3)  Other Annual Compensation for Dr. Hirschman includes medical insurance
     premiums paid by Advanced Viral on his behalf, and aggregate incremental
     cost to Advanced Viral of Dr. Hirschman's automobile lease, gas, oil,
     repairs and maintenance. Other Annual Compensation for Mr. Gallantar
     includes an automobile allowance of $500 per month and allowance for moving
     expenses of approximately $15,000.

(4)  Includes all options granted during fiscal years shown. No stock
     appreciation rights were granted with any options.

(5)  Represents the dollar value of insurance premiums paid by or on behalf of
     Advanced Viral with respect to term life insurance for the benefit of the
     Named Executive Officers.

(6)  Represents payments made to Messrs. Bregman and Friedland pursuant to the
     terms of the severance agreements discussed below.


         The following table sets forth certain summary information concerning
exercised and unexercised options to purchase our common stock as of December
31, 2001 held by the Named Executive Officers. No options were exercised during
the year ended December 31, 2001 by the Named Executive Officers.

                         AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN
                   LAST FISCAL YEAR AND YEAR-END OPTION VALUES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                            NUMBER OF SECURITIES          VALUE OF UNEXERCISED
                                SHARES                     UNDERLYING UNEXERCISED        IN-THE-MONEY OPTIONS AT
                             ACQUIRED ON     VALUE       OPTIONS AT FISCAL YEAR-END          FISCAL YEAR-END
NAME                         EXERCISE (#) REALIZED (1)   EXERCISABLE/UNEXERCISABLE      EXERCISABLE/UNEXERCISABLE
----                         ------------ ------------   -------------------------      -------------------------
<S>                               <C>         <C>              <C>                        <C>
Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.         0           N/A              39,100,000/0                 $628,250/$0 (2)(3)

Alan V. Gallantar                 0           N/A          3,031,320/1,515,960            $60,487/$30,243 (2)(4)

William Bregman                   0           N/A                  0/0                           $0/$0

Bernard Friedland                 0           N/A                  0/0                           $0/$0

</TABLE>

--------------------------------
(1)  Based on the difference between the average of the high and low bid prices
     per share of the common stock as reported by the Bulletin Board on the date
     of exercise, and the exercise or base price.

(2)  Based on the difference between the average of the closing bid and ask
     prices per share of the common stock as reported by the Bulletin Board on
     December 31, 2001, $0.2625, and the exercise or base price of in-the-money
     stock options.

(3)  As of December 31, 2001, Dr. Hirschman held options to purchase 4,100,000
     shares of common stock at $0.18 per share; 4,000,000 shares of common stock
     at $0.19 per share; 4,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.27 per share;
     4,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.36 per share, and 23,000,000 shares
     of common stock at $0.27, all of which are currently exercisable.

(4)  As of December 31, 2001, Mr. Gallantar held options to purchase 4,547,880
     shares of common stock at $0.24255 per share, of which 3,031,320 were
     exercisable as of such date.



                                       33
<PAGE>

EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS, TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND CHANGE-IN-CONTROL
ARRANGEMENTS

         HIRSCHMAN EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         Pursuant to an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of
May 12, 2000 between Advanced Viral and Dr. Hirschman, we employ Dr. Hirschman
on a full business time basis as our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Scientific Officer and Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board, with duties
including supervising our day-to-day operations, including management of
scientific, medical, financial, regulatory and corporate matters, establishing
appropriate laboratory, executive and other facilities on our behalf, and
raising additional capital on our behalf.

         Pursuant to the agreement, the term of Dr. Hirschman's employment
continues until December 31, 2002 and will continue for one year periods
thereafter unless either we or Dr. Hirschman gives the other notice at least two
years in advance that such one year automatic extension shall be vitiated. If
the agreement is terminated by us for cause, we may cancel all unvested stock
options, benefits under stock bonus plans and stock appreciation rights ("SARs")
granted to Dr. Hirschman. If the agreement is terminated by Dr. Hirschman for
cause, we are required to pay to Dr. Hirschman his annual salary and employee
benefits through the remainder of the then current term.

         Pursuant to the agreement, Dr. Hirschman receives an annual salary of
$361,000, payable in equal biweekly installments. The agreement also entitles
Dr. Hirschman to a major medical insurance policy, disability policy and dental
policy insurance to Dr. Hirschman and his dependents that is reasonably
acceptable to the parties, and a term life insurance policy at least in the
amount of $1,000,000, with a beneficiary to be designated by Dr. Hirschman. The
agreement further provides that we shall:

         o  take such action as may be necessary to permit Dr. Hirschman to be
            entitled to participate in stock option, stock bonus or similar
            plans (including plans for SARs) as are established by us;

         o  lease or purchase for Dr. Hirschman, at his discretion, an
            automobile selected and to be used by him, having a list price not
            in excess of $40,000, and pay for all gas, oil, repairs and
            maintenance, as well as the lease or purchase payments, as
            applicable, in connection with the automobile;

         o  reimburse Dr. Hirschman for all of his proven expenses incurred in
            and about the course of his employment that are deductible under the
            current tax law, including, among other expenses, his license fees,
            membership dues in professional organizations, subscriptions to
            professional journals, necessary travel, hotel and entertainment
            expenses incurred in connection with overnight, out-of-town trips
            that contribute to the benefit of us in the reasonable determination
            of Dr. Hirschman, and all other expenses that may be pre-approved by
            our board of directors; and

         o  provide not less than four weeks paid vacation annually and such
            paid sick or other leave as we provide to all of our employees.

         The agreement also provides for the payment of $100,000 to Dr.
Hirschman on the earlier to occur of (i) the date an IND number is obtained from
and approved by the FDA so that human research may be conducted using Product R;
or (ii) the execution of an agreement relating to co-marketing pursuant to which
one or more third parties commit to make payments to us of at least $15 million.




                                       34
<PAGE>
On September 4, 2001, the Company received an IND number from the FDA. To date,
approximately $25,000 of the $100,000 bonus described above has been paid to Dr.
Hirschman, and $75,000 has been accrued.

         The agreement further provides that Dr. Hirschman is not authorized,
without the express written consent of the board of directors and other than in
the ordinary course of business, to pledge the credit of Advanced Viral, to bind
us, to release or discharge any debt due us unless we have received payment in
full, or to dispose (as collateral or otherwise) of all or substantially all of
our assets.

         Dr. Hirschman has agreed that he will assign to us all patents he
develops which result from his knowledge acquired while performing his duties
under the agreement, and that, if his employment under the agreement is
terminated by us "for cause" or by Dr. Hirschman otherwise than "for cause," as
specified in that agreement, he will not, directly or indirectly, compete with
us for three years after termination or solicit our employees to leave our
employ for one year after termination.

         Pursuant to the execution of the agreement, we ratified a $100,000
bonus payment made to Dr. Hirschman in February 1998 and the February 1998 grant
to Dr. Hirschman of options to acquire 23,000,000 shares of common stock
exercisable at $0.27 per share at any time through February 17, 2008 or (i) 90
days after (A) the termination of Dr. Hirschman's employment (other than for
good reason or upon the occurrence of a change in control, in which two cases
Dr. Hirschman may exercise such options until the expiration of the original
term, or (B) Dr. Hirschman is terminated for cause, or (ii) until 18 months
after death.

         GALLANTAR EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         Advanced Viral entered into an Employment Agreement dated as of October
1, 1999 with Alan V. Gallantar, pursuant to which Mr. Gallantar is employed as
our Chief Financial Officer on a full business time basis. Under the agreement,
the term of Mr. Gallantar's employment continues until October 1, 2002. If the
agreement is terminated by us for cause, Mr. Gallantar will have no accrued
right to receive any bonus for the year in which his employment is terminated,
all unvested stock options will be cancelled, and any vested stock options will
terminate 90 days after the effective date of termination. If the agreement is
terminated by Advanced Viral not for cause, we are required to pay to Mr.
Gallantar all accrued and unpaid compensation, and all stock options granted as
of the date of the agreement shall become 100% vested. Upon such termination not
for cause, all options which became vested as a result of this provision may be
exercised by Mr. Gallantar until 90 days after the effective date of
termination. If Mr. Gallantar elects to terminate this agreement as a result of
a change in control, he will be paid his base salary for the remaining term of
the agreement, and all stock options granted on the date of the agreement will
become 100% vested and exercisable until 90 days after the effective date of
termination. If Mr. Gallantar elects to terminate this agreement for any other
reason, he will be paid all unaccrued and unpaid base salary, and he will have
the right to exercise any vested stock until 90 days after the effective date of
termination. All payments made to Mr. Gallantar in connection with the
termination of the agreement are subject to reduction to the extent they exceed
2.99 times the "base amount" as determined under Section 280G of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986.

         Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Gallantar will receive an annual salary
of $175,000 for the first year of the agreement; $200,000 for the second year of
the agreement; and $225,000 for the third year of the agreement. For each year
of the agreement, Mr. Gallantar is entitled to a cash bonus of between 10% and
50% of his base salary, based on certain targets and the discretion of the board
of directors. As of the date of the agreement, Mr. Gallantar received options to
purchase an aggregate of 4,547,880 shares of our common stock. The options
expire on October 1, 2009, and are exercisable in three increments of 1,515,960
on the October 1, 2000, 2001 and 2002, respectively. The agreement further
provides that:



                                       35
<PAGE>

         o  Mr. Gallantar and his family are entitled to receive the same
            employee benefits generally given to other senior executives of
            Advanced Viral.

         o  Mr. Gallantar is entitled to 15 working days of vacation during the
            first year and 20 days of vacation during each year thereafter,
            subject to certain exceptions.

         o  Mr. Gallantar will receive a non-accountable automobile allowance of
            $500 per month, provided however, that he is be responsible for all
            costs of acquiring and maintaining the automobile.

         o  We will reimburse Mr. Gallantar for certain professional license and
            membership fees up to a maximum of $5,000 per year in the aggregate,
            and all other expenses incurred in the performance of his duties
            with the prior approval of the Chief Executive Officer.

         The agreement provides that Mr. Gallantar is not authorized, without
the express written consent of the board of directors and other than in the
ordinary course of business, to pledge the credit of Advanced Viral, to bind us
under any note, mortgage or other monetary obligation, to release or discharge
any debt due us unless we have received payment in full, or to dispose (as
collateral or otherwise) of a substantial amount of our assets. Furthermore, Mr.
Gallantar agreed that he will assign to us all intellectual property rights
developed by him which result from the knowledge he acquired while performing
his duties under the agreement. Finally, he has agreed that he will not,
directly or indirectly, compete with us for five years after termination of his
employment or solicit our employees to leave our employ for one year after
termination.

         SEVERANCE AGREEMENTS

         On December 3, 2001, William Bregman, Bernard Friedland and Louis
Silver resigned as officers and directors of Advanced Viral upon the terms and
conditions of separate Severance Agreements (the "Severance Agreements"), and
James F. Dicke II, Christopher Forbes, David Seligman, and Eli Wilner were
appointed to the board of directors of Advanced Viral. The resignations of
Messrs. Bregman, Friedland and Silver were not due to any disagreement with
Advanced Viral on any matter relating to Advanced Viral's operations, policies
or practices.

         In connection with their resignation, we paid $150,000 in one lump sum
to each of Messrs. Bregman and Friedland, and $2,500 to Mr. Silver. In addition,
the Severance Agreements provide as follows:

         o  That Messrs. Bregman and Friedland shall have the combined right
            until November 29, 2003 to appoint one additional member to the
            Board of Directors of Advanced Viral reasonably acceptable to
            Advanced Viral, so long as both Messrs. Bregman and Friedland own
            shares of Advanced Viral. The Bregman/Friedland designee, if
            appointed, shall serve on Advanced Viral's Board of Directors until
            his successor is duly elected and qualified, and may be removed as a
            member of the Board of Directors of Advanced Viral, with or without
            cause, by the affirmative vote of the members of Advanced Viral's
            then Board of Directors at any time following the date which is the
            earlier to occur of: (i) November 29, 2003 or (ii) the complete
            divestiture of both Messrs. Bregman's and Friedland's ownership in
            Advanced Viral.

         o  All agreements regarding the voting or disposition of shares of
            common stock of Advanced Viral held by each of Messrs. Bregman and
            Friedland are terminated.




                                       36
<PAGE>

         o  Advanced Viral shall have a right of first refusal to purchase
            shares of common stock owned by Messrs. Bregman and Friedland upon
            the receipt by Messrs. Bregman or Friedland, as the case may be, of
            a bona fide offer from an unrelated third party to purchase such
            shares in an "on-the-market" or "off-the-market" transaction, upon
            the terms set forth in the Severance Agreements.

         o  With respect to the election of directors and compensation packages
            for directors of Advanced Viral, each of Messrs. Bregman and
            Friedland agreed to grant Advanced Viral an irrevocable proxy to
            vote all the shares of its common stock they beneficially own at any
            annual, special or adjourned meeting of the stockholders of Advanced
            Viral until the earlier to occur of November 29, 2003 or, as to
            those shares sold, the date of the sale of such shares by Messrs.
            Bregman or Friedland, as the case may be, to one or more unrelated
            third parties in a bona fide sale after Messrs. Bregman or
            Friedland, as the case may be, shall have first complied with
            Advanced Viral's right of first refusal described in the Severance
            Agreements.

         o  Advanced Viral agreed, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware
            law and its charter documents, to indemnify each of Messrs. Bregman,
            Friedland and Silver for all amounts (including reasonable
            attorneys' fees) incurred or paid in connection with any action,
            proceeding, suit or investigation arising out of or relating to
            their performance of services for Advanced Viral.

         o  Advanced Viral agreed to continue the directors' and officers'
            liability insurance for each of Messrs. Bregman, Friedland and
            Silver until November 29, 2007.

         In connection with satisfying our financial obligations to our
retiring directors under the Severance Agreements, we obtained a loan in the
amount of $200,000 from our Chief Financial Officer, Alan Gallantar, as
evidenced by a Demand Promissory Note dated December 14, 2001 (the "Note"). We
were obligated to repay the Note upon our receipt of proceeds upon the
consummation of new financing. The Note was repaid in full on December 17, 2001.

ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP. CASH OR DEFERRED PLAN AND TRUST (401(K))

         In December 1999, we adopted a 401(k) plan that allows eligible
employees to contribute up to 20% of their salary, subject to annual limits,
which were $10,500 in 2000. We match 50% of the first 6% of the employee
contributions in our stock and may, at our discretion, make additional
contributions based upon earnings. In March 2001, we funded the plan with
approximately $24,000 to enable the plan to purchase shares of our common stock
on the open market in order to contribute the employer match for the year ended
December 31, 2000. As of March 2002 we have not funded our matching contribution
of approximately $33,000 for the year ended 2001.

 PERFORMANCE GRAPH

Securities and Exchange Commission rules require that a line graph performance
presentation be provided comparing cumulative total stockholder return with a
performance indicator of a broad market index and a nationally recognized
industry index. The graph and table set forth below compare the cumulative total
stockholder return on Advanced Viral's Common Stock for 1996 through 2001 with



                                       37
<PAGE>

the Dow Jones Pharmaceuticals Index and the Dow Jones Equity Market Index for
the same period. The graph and table assume an investment of $100 in the Common
Stock and each index on December 31, 1996 and the reinvestment of all dividends,
if any.

                         5-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                               12/96        12/97       12/98        12/99       12/00        12/01
                                               -----        -----       -----        -----       -----        -----
<S>                                           <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>           <C>
Advanced Viral Research Corp.                 100.00        64.17       70.33        63.33      108.33        88.33
Dow Jones Pharmaceuticals                     100.00       131.81      164.63       202.04      183.31       161.46
Dow Jones Equity Market                       100.00       154.21      229.26       206.54      286.48       239.36
</TABLE>

                                    [CHART]



                                       38
<PAGE>


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

         The following table sets forth information as of March 27, 2002 with
respect to (i) each stockholder known to us to be the beneficial owner of more
than 5% of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each director, (iii) our Chief
Executive Officer and our other executive officers named in the Summary
Compensation Table, and (iv) all of our directors and executive officers as a
group. Except as set forth below, each of the named persons and members of the
group has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER                          BENEFICIALLY OWNED (1)            PERCENT OWNED
------------------------------------                          ----------------------            -------------
<S>                                                                   <C>                           <C>
Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.                                             39,101,000 (2)                 8.6%
Advanced Viral Research Corp.
200 Corporate Boulevard South
Yonkers, New York 10701
 .....................................................................................................................
Alan V. Gallantar                                                      3,031,920 (3)                  *
Advanced Viral Research Corp.
200 Corporate Boulevard South
Yonkers, New York 10701
 .....................................................................................................................
James F. Dicke II                                                              0                      *
Crown Equipment Corporation
44 South Washington Street
New Bremen, Ohio 45869
 .....................................................................................................................
Christopher Forbes
Forbes Building
60 Fifth Avenue                                                                0                      *
New York, New York 10011
 .....................................................................................................................
David Seligman
4 Oxford Road                                                                  0                      *
North Caldwell, New Jersey 07006-4216
 .....................................................................................................................
Eli Wilner
1525 York Avenue                                                       4,441,700 (4)                 1.0%
New York, New York 10028
 .....................................................................................................................
Bernard Friedland
P. O. Box 3947                                                        39,146,730 (5) (7)             9.5%
Sarasota, FL  34230-3947
 .....................................................................................................................
William Bregman
939 W 47th Ct                                                         38,496,988 (6) (7)             9.3%
Miami Beach , FL 33139
 .....................................................................................................................
ALL OFFICERS & DIRECTORS AS A GROUP (6 PERSONS)                       46,574,620 (2) (3) (4)        10.2%
 .....................................................................................................................

</TABLE>


----------------------
*     Less than 1%

(1)   The persons named in this table have sole voting power with respect to all
      shares shown as beneficially owned by them, except as indicated in other
      footnotes to this table. In computing the number of shares beneficially
      owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of
      common stock subject to options or warrants held by that person that are
      currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days from the date hereof,
      are deemed outstanding. According to American Stock Transfer & Trust
      Company, the transfer agent for the common stock, 413,296,862 shares of
      the common stock were outstanding as of March 27, 2002.

(2)   Includes 39,100,000 shares that may be acquired pursuant to options to
      purchase common stock exercisable within 60 days from the date hereof.

(3)   Includes currently exercisable options to purchase 3,031,920 shares of
      common stock at $0.24255 per share.

(4)   Includes (i) 750,000 shares issuable pursuant to currently exercisable
      outstanding warrants; (ii) 1,782,500 shares beneficially owned by his wife
      Barbara Ann Brennan; (iii) 100,000 shares beneficially owned by his sister
      Celia Conaway; (iv) 17,000 shares beneficially owned by his mother Zelotta
      Wilner; and (v) 16,900 shares beneficially owned by his father Abraham
      Wilner.



                                       39
<PAGE>
(5)   Includes 1,000,000 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Friedland and Beth
      Friedland, his daughter, as joint tenants; 20,000,000 shares owned by Mr.
      Friedland and Shirley Friedland, his spouse, as joint tenants; and 400,000
      shares owned by the B&SD Friedland Foundation, a not-for-profit foundation
      controlled by Mr. Friedland. Does not include 15,000 shares owned by
      Shirley Friedland as to which Mr. Friedland disclaims beneficial
      ownership.

(6)   Includes 22,293,614 shares held in a trust for which Mr. Bregman is the
      sole trustee and sole beneficiary; 165,000 shares owned by Carol Bregman,
      his daughter; 165,000 shares owned by Janet Berlin, his daughter; 165,000
      shares owned by Forest Berlin, his grandson; 165,000 shares owned by
      Jessica Berlin, his granddaughter; and 55,000 shares owned by David
      Berlin, his son-in-law.

(7)   Pursuant to their severance agreements with Advanced Viral, each of
      Messrs. Bregman and Friedland have granted to Advanced Viral (i) the right
      of first refusal to purchase their shares of common stock subject to
      certain conditions and for a limited time; and (ii) with respect to the
      election of directors and compensation packages for directors of Advanced
      Viral, an irrevocable proxy to vote such shares of common stock at any
      stockholders meeting until the earlier to occur of November 29, 2003 or as
      to those shares sold, the date of the sale of such shares by either Mr.
      Bregman or Mr. Friedland, as the case may be, to one or more unrelated
      parties.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         We have granted stock options to certain of our executive officers, as
described under the caption "Executive Compensation." We have entered into
employment agreements with certain of our executive officers, and have entered
into severance agreements with certain of our former officers and directors as
described under the caption "Employment Contracts and Termination of Employment
and Change-in-Control Arrangements."

         In connection with satisfying our financial obligations to our retiring
directors under the severance agreements, we obtained a loan in the amount of
$200,000 from our Chief Financial Officer, Alan Gallantar, as evidenced by a
demand promissory note. We were obligated to repay the note upon our receipt of
proceeds upon the consummation of new financing. The note was repaid in full on
December 17, 2001. Other than the foregoing, there were no material transactions
between Advanced Viral and any of its officers or directors which involved
$60,000 or more during the past three fiscal years.

         Article 9 of our Certificate of Incorporation contains the following
provision with respect to indemnification of directors and officers:

         "The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145
         of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same
         may be amended and supplemented, indemnify any and all persons whom it
         shall have power to indemnify under said section from and against any
         and all of the expenses, liabilities or other matters referred to in or
         covered by said section, and the indemnification provided for herein
         shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those
         indemnified may be entitled under any By-law, agreement, vote of
         stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action
         in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while
         holding such office, and shall continue as to a person, who has ceased
         to be director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the
         benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person."

         Delaware law also permits a corporation to purchase and maintain
insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer against
any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in such capacity or
arising out of his status as such, whether or not the corporation has the power
to indemnify him against that liability under Section 145 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law ("DGCL").

         Our Certificate of Incorporation was amended on December 30, 1987, to
limit or eliminate director liability by incorporating new Article 11, which
provides:

         "A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the
         Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of



                                       40
<PAGE>

         fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach
         of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its
         stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which
         involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of laws, (iii)
         under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for
         any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
         benefit."

         The above discussion of our Certificate of Incorporation is not
intended to be exhaustive and is respectively qualified in its entirety by such
document.

         Pursuant to the foregoing, we currently maintain directors and officers
insurance coverage. We may be required to indemnify certain officers and
directors against liabilities that arise by reason of their status or service as
officers or directors. In certain circumstances, we may be required to advance
the expenses an officer or director incurs in legal proceedings. We believe that
the provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation are necessary to attract and
retain qualified persons as directors and officers. At present, there is no
pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers,
employees or agents where indemnification will be required or permitted. We are
not aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding that may result in a claim
for indemnification.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)      Documents filed as part of this report

         1.       Financial Statements (see page F-1)

         2.       Exhibits: The Exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibits
                  Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this
                  report.

(b)      Reports on Form 8-K during and after the fiscal quarter ended December
         31, 2001:

         A Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 3, 2001 was filed on
         December 18, 2001 regarding the resignation and appointment of certain
         directors.


                                       41
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 1, 2002         ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP. (Registrant)


                            By: /s/ SHALOM Z. HIRSCHMAN, M.D.
                                --------------------------------------------
                                Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.,
                                President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman


         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Date: April 1, 2002          By:  /s/ SHALOM Z. HIRSCHMAN, M.D.
                                  ------------------------------------------
                                       Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.,
                                       President, Chief Executive Officer an
                                       Chairman

Date: April 1, 2002          By:  /s/ ELI WILNER
                                  ------------------------------------------
                                      Eli Wilner, Secretary and Director

Date: April 1, 2002          By:  /s/ ALAN V. GALLANTAR
                                  ------------------------------------------
                                      Alan V. Gallantar, Principal Financial
                                      and Accounting Officer

Date: April 1, 2002          By:  /s/ JAMES F. DICKE II
                                  ------------------------------------------
                                      James F. Dicke II, Director

Date: April 1, 2002          By:  /s/ CHRISTOPHER FORBES
                                  ------------------------------------------
                                      Christopher Forbes, Director

Date: April 1, 2002          By:  /s/ DAVID SELIGMAN
                                  ------------------------------------------
                                      David Seligman, Director




                                       42
<PAGE>


                                INDEX OF EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT
NUMBER       DESCRIPTION
--------     -----------

3.1           Articles of Incorporation of Advanced Viral Research Corp.
              ("ADVR") (2)

3.2           Bylaws of ADVR, as amended(1)

3.3           Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of ADVR(2)

4.1           Specimen Certificate of Common Stock(1)

4.2           Specimen Warrant Certificate(1)

4.3           Warrant Agreement between ADVR and American Stock Transfer and
              Trust Company(1)

4.4           Forms of Common Stock Options and Agreements granted by ADVR to
              TRM Management Corp.(5)

4.5           Form of Common Stock Option and Agreement granted by ADVR to Plata
              Partners Limited Partnership(12)

4.6           Consulting Agreement, dated September 11, 1992, and Form of Common
              Stock granted by ADVR to Leonard Cohen(6)

4.7           Addendum to Agreement granted by ADVR to Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.
              dated March 24, 1996(10)

4.8           Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 16, 1998 by and
              between ADVR and RBB Bank AG. (11)(o)

4.9           7% Convertible Debenture dated November 16, 1998. (11)(o)

4.10          Warrant dated November 16, 1998 to purchase 375,000 shares of
              common stock at $0.20 per share. (11)(o)

4.11          Warrant dated November 16, 1998 to purchase 375,000 shares of
              common stock at $0.24 per share. (11)(o)

4.12          Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 22, 1998 by and
              between ADVR and various purchasers. (15)

4.13          Form of Warrant dated December 22, 1998 to purchase shares of
              common stock of ADVR at $0.2040 per share. (15)

4.14          Form of Warrant dated December 22, 1998 to purchase shares of
              common stock of ADVR at $0.2448 per share. (15)

4.15          Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 23, 1999 by and between
              ADVR and various purchasers. (15)

4.16          Form of Warrant dated June 23, 1999 to purchase shares of common
              stock of ADVR at $0.324 per share. (15)

4.17          Form of Warrant dated June 23, 1999 to purchase shares of common
              stock of ADVR at $0.378 per share. (15)

4.18          Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 3, 1999 by and between
              ADVR and Focus Investors, LLC. (15)

4.19          Form of 7% Convertible Debenture dated August 3, 1999. (15)

4.20          Form of Warrant dated August 3, 1999 to purchase 50,000 shares of
              common stock at $0.2461 per share. (15)

4.21          Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 28, 1999 between ADVR
              and Endeavour Capital Fund S.A. (16)

4.22          Form of 7% Convertible Debenture dated December 28, 1999. (16)

4.23          Form of Warrant dated December 28, 1999 to purchase shares of
              common stock at $0.19916667 per share. (16)

4.24          Form of Warrant dated February 7, 2000 to purchase shares of
              common stock at $0.21 per share. (17)

4.25          Form of Warrant dated February 7, 2000 to purchase shares of
              common stock at $0.26 per share. (17)

4.26          Form of Warrant dated February 16, 2000 to purchase shares of
              common stock at $0.275 per share. (17)

4.27          Form of Warrant dated February 16, 2000 to purchase shares of
              common stock at $0.33 per share. (17)

4.28          Form of Class A Warrant dated September 18, 2000 to purchase
              5,000,000 shares of common stock. (19)

4.29          Form of Class B Warrant dated September 18, 2000 to purchase
              5,000,000 shares of common stock. (19)

4.30          Form of Class A Warrant dated February 9, 2001 to purchase
              5,000,000 shares of common stock. (21)

4.31          Form of Class B Warrant dated February 9, 2001 to purchase
              5,000,000 shares of common stock. (21)

10.1          Declaration of Trust by Bernard Friedland and William Bregman in
              favor of ADVR dated November 16, 1987(12)

10.2          Clinical Trials Agreement, dated September 19, 1990, between
              Clinique Medical Actuel and ADVR. (3)

10.3          Letter, dated March 15, 1991 to ADVR from Health Protection
              Branch(3)

10.4          Agreement dated August 20, 1991 between TRM Management Corp. and
              ADVR. (11)(a)

10.5          Lease dated December 18, 1991 between Bayview Associates, Inc. and
              ADVR. (4)

10.6          Lease Agreement, dated February 16, 1993 between Stortford
              Brickell Inc. and ADVR. (7)

10.7          Consulting Agreement dated February 28, 1993 between Leonard Cohen
              and ADVR. (8)

10.8          Medical Advisor Agreement, dated as of September 14, 1993, between
              Lionel Resnick, M.D. and ADVR. (11)(b)

10.9          Agreement, dated November 9, 1993, between Dormer Laboratories
              Inc. and ADVR. (12)

10.10         Exclusive Distribution Agreement, dated April 25, 1994, between
              C.U.R.E. Pharmaceutical Corp. and ADVR. (11)(c)

10.11         Exclusive Distribution Agreement, dated as of June 1, 1994,
              between C.U.R.E. Pharmaceutica Central Americas Ltd. and ADVR.
              (11)(d)

10.12         Exclusive Distribution Agreement dated as of June 17, 1994 between
              DCT S.R.L. and ADVR, as amended(11)(e)

10.13         Contract, dated as of October 25, 1994 between Commonwealth
              Pharmaceuticals of the Channel Islands and ADVR. (11)(f)

10.14         Agreement dated May 24, 1995 between ADVR and Deborah Silver(9)

10.15         Agreement dated May 29, 1995 between ADVR and Shalom Z. Hirschman,
              M.D.(9)

10.16         Exclusive Distribution Agreement, dated as of June 2, 1995,
              between AVIX International Pharmaceutical Corp. and ADVR. (12)



                                       43
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER       DESCRIPTION
--------     -----------

10.17         Supplement to Exclusive Distribution Agreement, dated November 2,
              1995 with Commonwealth Pharmaceuticals(12)

10.18         Exclusive Distributorship & Limited License Agreement, dated
              December 28, 1995, between AVIX International Pharmaceutical
              Corp., Beijing Unistone Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and ADVR. (11)(g)

10.19         Modification Agreement, dated December 28, 1995, between AVIX
              International Pharmaceutical Corp. and ADVR. (11)(g)

10.20         Agreement dated April 1, 1996, between DCT S.R.L. and ADVR.
              (11)(h)

10.21         Addendum, dated as of March 24, 1996, to Consulting Agreement
              between ADVR and Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.(10)

10.22         Addendum to Agreement, dated July 11, 1996, between AVIX
              International Pharmaceutical Corp. and ADVR. (11)(i)

10.23         Employment Agreement, dated October 17, 1996, between ADVR and
              Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.(11)(j)

10.24         Lease, dated February 7, 1997 between Robert Martin Company, LLC
              and ADVR. (12)

10.25         Copy of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated February 21, 1997
              between ADVR and Interfi Capital Group(11)(k)

10.26         Material Transfer Agreement-Cooperative Research And Development
              Agreement, dated March 13, 1997, between National Institute of
              Health, Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease
              Control and Prevention(11)(l)

10.27         Copy of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated September 26, 1997
              between ADVR and RBB Bank AG. (11)(m)

10.28         Copy of Extension to Materials Transfer Agreement-Cooperative
              Research and Development Agreement, dated March 4, 1998, between
              National Institute of Health, Food and Drug Administration and the
              Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (13)

10.29         Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated July 8, 1998
              between ADVR and Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.(11)(n)

10.30         Agreement between ADVR and Angelo Chinnici, M.D. dated July 1,
              1999. (14)

10.31         Consulting Agreement between ADVR and GloboMax LLC dated January
              18, 1999. (15)

10.32         Registration Rights Agreement dated August 3, 1999 between ADVR
              Research and Focus Investors LLC. (15)

10.33         Employment Agreement dated October 1, 1999 between ADVR and Alan
              V. Gallantar (15)

10.34         Registration Rights Agreement dated December 28, 1999 between ADVR
              and Endeavour Capital Fund, S.A. (16)

10.35         Consulting Agreement dated February 7, 2000 between ADVR and
              Harbor View Group, Inc.(17)

10.36         Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 16, 2000 between ADVR
              and Harbor View Group, Inc. (17)

10.37         Letter Agreement dated November 16, 1999 between ADVR and
              Bratskeir & Company. (18)

10.38         Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated May 12, 2000
              between ADVR and Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D. (18)

10.39         Equity Line of Credit Agreement dated as of September 18, 2000
              between ADVR and Spinneret Financial Systems, Inc.(19)

10.40         Registration Rights Agreement dated as of September 18, 2000
              between ADVR and Spinneret Financial Systems, Inc. (19)

10.41         Registration Rights Agreement dated as of September 18, 2000
              between ADVR and May Davis Group, Inc.(19)

10.42         Placement Agent Agreement dated September 18, 2000 between ADVR
              and May Davis Group, Inc.(19)

10.43         Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated December 12, 2000
              between Spinneret Financial Systems, Inc. and GMF Holdings Inc.
              (20)

10.44         Agreement to Waive Assignment Rights dated December 12, 2000 by
              GMF Holdings Inc. (20)

10.45         Termination Agreement dated January 22, 2001 between GMF Holdings,
              Inc., May Davis Group, Inc. and ADVR. (21)

10.46         Equity Line of Credit Agreement dated as of February 9, 2001
              between ADVR and Cornell Capital Partners, LP. (21)

10.47         Registration Rights Agreement dated as of February 9, 2001 between
              ADVR and Cornell Capital Partners, LP.(21)

10.48         Registration Rights Agreement dated as of February 9, 2001 between
              ADVR and May Davis Group, Inc. (21)

10.49         Placement Agent Agreement dated February 9, 2001 between ADVR and
              May Davis Group, Inc. (21)

10.50         Agreement dated as of April 2, 2001 between ADVR and Selikoff
              Center of Ra'Anana, Israel. (22)

10.51         Agreement dated as of January 29, 2001 between ADVR and The
              Weizmann Institute of Science and Yeda. (22)

10.52         Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 8, 2000 by and
              between ADVR and various investors. (23)

10.53         Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 27, 2001 by and between
              ADVR and various investors. (23)

10.54         Severance Agreement dated November 29, 2001 by and between ADVR
              and William Bregman. (11)(p)

10.55         Severance Agreement dated November 29, 2001 by and between ADVR
              and Bernard Friedland. (11)(p)

10.56         Severance Agreement dated November 29, 2001 by and between ADVR
              and Louis Silver. (11)(p)

10.57         Promissory Note and Guaranty in favor of Alan Gallantar dated
              November 29, 2001 by ADVR. (11)(p)

                                       44
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT
NUMBER       DESCRIPTION
--------     -----------

10.58         Settlement Agreement dated March 20, 2002 by and among ADVR,
              Immune Modulation Maximum Corporation, Commonwealth
              Pharmaceuticals, Ltd, and Charles E. Miller. *

21.1          Subsidiaries of Registrant: Advance Viral Research Ltd., a
              Bahamian corporation.

23.1          Consent of Rachlin Cohen & Holtz LLP, Independent Certified Public
              Accountants.*

---------------------
*      Filed herewith.

1.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits our
       registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, File No. 33-33895, filed
       with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 19, 1990.

2.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       registration statement on Form S-18, File No. 33-2262-A, filed with the
       Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 1989.

3.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1990.

4.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-K for period ended March 31, 1991.

5.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991.

6.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 1992.

7.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

8.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended March 31, 1993.

9.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 1995.

10.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended March 31, 1996.

11.    Incorporated by reference herein to our Current Reports on Form 8-K and
       exhibits thereto as follows:

       (a)    A report on Form 8-K dated January 3, 1992.
       (b)    A report on Form 8-K dated September 14, 1993.
       (c)    A report on Form 8-K dated April 25, 1994.
       (d)    A report on Form 8-K dated June 3, 1994.
       (e)    A report on Form 8-K dated June 17, 1994.
       (f)    A report on Form 8-K dated October 25, 1994.
       (g)    A report on Form 8-K dated December 28, 1995.
       (h)    A report on Form 8-K dated April 22, 1996.
       (i)    A report on Form 8-K dated July 12, 1996.
       (j)    A report on Form 8-K dated October 17, 1996.
       (k)    A report on Form 8-K dated February 21, 1997.
       (l)    A report on Form 8-K dated March 25, 1997.
       (m)    A report on Form 8-K dated September 26, 1997.
       (n)    A report on Form 8-K dated July 21, 1998.
       (o)    A report on Form 8-K dated November 24, 1998.
       (p)    A report on Form 8-K dated December 3, 2001.

12.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1996.

13.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997.

14.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998.

15.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, File No. 33-70523, filed
       with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 1999, and
       Amendment No. 5 thereto, declared effective on December 15, 1999.

16.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, File No. 333-94529, filed
       with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2000.

17.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999.

18.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, File No. 333-37974, filed
       with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 6, 2000.


                                       45
<PAGE>

19.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to
       Post-effective Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1,
       as amended, File No. 333-70523, filed with the Securities and Exchange
       Commission on September 25, 2000.

20.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-49038, filed with the
       Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2000 and amended
       pursuant to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the Commission on
       December 15, 2000.

21.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-55430, filed with the
       Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2001 and amended
       pursuant to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the Commission on
       February 13, 2000.

22.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

23.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-62788, filed with the
       Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2001 and amended pursuant
       to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the Commission on August 23,
       2001.




                                       46
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                                    PAGE
                                                                                                                    ----
<S>                                                                                                                  <C>
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS                                                                   F-1


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    Balance Sheets, December 31, 2001 and 2000                                                                       F-2

    Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 and from
        Inception (February 20, 1984) to December 31, 2001                                                           F-3

    Statements of Stockholders' Equity from Inception (February 20, 1984) to                                         F-4
        December 31, 2001

    Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 and from
        Inception (February 20, 1984) to December 31, 2001                                                          F-14

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                    F-15-F-44


</TABLE>





<PAGE>



               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

Stockholders and Directors
Advanced Viral Research Corp.
  (A Development Stage Company)
Yonkers, New York


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Advanced Viral
Research Corp. (A Development Stage Company) as of December 31, 2001 and 2000,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and
cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31,
2001 and for the period from inception (February 20, 1984) to December 31, 2001.
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the management
of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Advanced Viral
Research Corp. (A Development Stage Company) as of December 31, 2001 and 2000
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years
in the three year period ended December 31, 2001 and for the period from
inception (February 20, 1984) to December 31, 2001 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States.

As more fully described in Note 2, the Company is subject to certain liquidity
considerations. The Company's plans with respect to this matter are also
described in Note 2.

                                             RACHLIN COHEN & HOLTZ LLP

Miami, Florida
March 25, 2002



                                      F-1
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                           DECEMBER 31, 2001 AND 2000


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                2001            2000
                                                             ------------    ------------
<S>                                                          <C>             <C>
                                 ASSETS

Current Assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                 $  1,499,809    $  5,962,633
   Inventory                                                           --          19,729
   Other current assets                                            63,162          34,804
                                                             ------------    ------------
         Total current assets                                   1,562,971       6,017,166

Property and Equipment, Net                                     3,000,583       1,944,199

Other Assets                                                      885,237         847,349
                                                             ------------    ------------
         Total assets                                        $  5,448,791    $  8,808,714
                                                             ============    ============


                  LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current Liabilities:
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                  $  1,843,706    $    902,961
   Current portion of capital lease obligation                     64,197          58,690
   Current portion of note payable                                 24,246          21,517
                                                             ------------    ------------
         Total current liabilities                              1,932,149         983,168
                                                             ------------    ------------
Long-Term Debt:
   Capital lease obligation - long term portion                    42,370         106,567
   Note payable - long term portion                                32,198          56,446
                                                             ------------    ------------
        Total long-term debt                                       74,568         163,013
                                                             ------------    ------------

Commitments, Contingencies and Subsequent Events                       --              --

Stockholders' Equity:
   Common stock; 1,000,000,000 shares of $.00001 par value
      authorized, 403,296,863 and 380,214,618
      shares issued and outstanding                                 4,033           3,802
   Additional paid-in capital                                  47,666,141      39,969,373
   Deficit accumulated during the development stage           (40,795,470)    (29,079,902)
   Discount on warrants                                        (3,432,630)     (3,230,740)
                                                             ------------    ------------
         Total stockholders' equity                             3,442,074       7,662,533
                                                             ------------    ------------
         Total liabilities and stockholders' equity          $  5,448,791    $  8,808,714
                                                             ============    ============

</TABLE>




                See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-2
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                             INCEPTION
                                                                                            (FEBRUARY 20,
                                                       YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,               1984) TO
                                          -----------------------------------------------    DECEMBER 31,
                                               2001             2000             1999            2001
                                          -------------    -------------    -------------    ------------
<S>                                       <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Revenues                                  $      17,601    $       8,363    $      10,953    $    231,892
                                          -------------    -------------    -------------    ------------

Costs and Expenses:
   Research and development                   5,150,869        3,192,551        1,948,937      13,875,824
   General and administrative                 4,301,333        2,621,542        1,831,061      16,069,183
   Compensation expense relating to
      modifications of option terms             691,404        1,901,927          210,144       2,803,475
   Depreciation                                 532,264          362,392          230,785       1,440,879
                                          -------------    -------------    -------------    ------------
                                             10,675,870        8,078,412        4,220,927      34,189,361
                                          -------------    -------------    -------------    ------------
Loss from Operations                        (10,658,269)      (8,070,049)      (4,209,974)    (33,957,469)
                                          -------------    -------------    -------------    ------------

Other Income (Expense):
   Interest income                              114,057          162,077           42,744         878,175
   Other income                                      --               --               --         120,093
   Interest expense                            (868,856)      (1,446,692)      (2,007,032)     (7,533,769)
   Severance expense - former directors        (302,500)              --               --        (302,500)
                                          -------------    -------------    -------------    ------------
                                             (1,057,299)      (1,284,615)      (1,964,288)     (6,838,001)
                                          -------------    -------------    -------------    ------------
Net Loss                                  $ (11,715,568)   $  (9,354,664)   $  (6,174,262)   $(40,795,470)
                                          =============    =============    =============    ============
Net Loss Per Share of Common
   Stock - Basic and Diluted              $       (0.03)   $       (0.03)   $       (0.02)
                                          =============    =============    =============
Weighted Average Number of
   Common Shares Outstanding                389,435,324      362,549,690      302,361,109
                                          =============    =============    =============
</TABLE>



                See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-3
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2001

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                    COMMON STOCK                                    DEFICIT
                                                      -----------------------------------------                   ACCUMULATED
                                                         AMOUNT                                    ADDITIONAL     DURING THE
                                                          PER                                        PAID-IN      DEVELOPMENT
                                                         SHARE         SHARES          AMOUNT        CAPITAL         STAGE
                                                      -----------    -----------      ---------    -----------      ---------
<S>                                                   <C>            <C>              <C>             <C>           <C>
Balance, inception (February 20, 1984)
  as previously reported                                                      --      $   1,000       $     --      $  (1,000)

Adjustment for pooling of interests                                           --         (1,000)         1,000             --
                                                                     -----------      ---------       --------      ---------
Balance, inception, as restated                                               --             --          1,000         (1,000)

Net loss, period ended December 31, 1984                                      --             --             --        (17,809)
                                                                     -----------      ---------       --------      ---------
Balance, December 31, 1984                                                    --             --          1,000        (18,809)

Issuance of common stock for cash                      $   0.00      113,846,154          1,138            170             --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1985                                        --             --             --        (25,459)
                                                                     -----------      ---------       --------      ---------
Balance, December 31, 1985                                           113,846,154          1,138          1,170        (44,268)

Issuance of common stock - public offering                 0.01       40,000,000            400        399,600             --
Issuance of underwriter's warrants                                            --             --            100             --
Expenses of public offering                                                   --             --       (117,923)            --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of "A" warrants         0.03          819,860              9         24,587             --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1986                                        --             --             --       (159,674)
                                                                     -----------      ---------       --------      ---------
Balance, December 31, 1986                                           154,666,014          1,547        307,534       (203,942)
                                                                     -----------      ---------       --------      ---------

</TABLE>



                See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-4
<PAGE>


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2001

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   COMMON STOCK                                        DEFICIT
                                                        ---------------------------------------                       ACCUMULATED
                                                        AMOUNT                                       ADDITIONAL       DURING THE
                                                         PER                                           PAID-IN        DEVELOPMENT
                                                        SHARE         SHARES          AMOUNT           CAPITAL           STAGE
                                                        ------     ------------    ------------     ------------     ------------
<S>                                                     <C>          <C>           <C>             <C>               <C>
Balance, December 31, 1986                                          154,666,014    $      1,547    $    307,534     $   (203,942)

Issuance of common stock, exercise of "A" warrants      $  0.03      38,622,618             386        1,158,321               --
Expenses of stock issuance                                                   --              --          (11,357)              --
Acquisition of subsidiary for cash                                           --              --          (46,000)              --
Cancellation of debt due to stockholders                                     --              --           86,565               --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1987                                       --              --               --         (258,663)
                                                                   ------------    ------------     ------------     ------------
Balance, December 31, 1987                                          193,288,632           1,933        1,495,063         (462,605)

Net loss, year ended December 31, 1988                                       --              --               --         (199,690)
                                                                   ------------    ------------     ------------     ------------

Balance, December 31, 1988                                          193,288,632           1,933        1,495,063         (662,295)

Net loss, year ended December 31, 1989                                       --              --               --         (270,753)
                                                                   ------------    ------------     ------------     ------------

Balance, December 31, 1989                                          193,288,632           1,933        1,495,063         (933,048)

Issuance of common stock, expiration of redemption         0.05       6,729,850              67          336,475               --
   offer on "B" warrants
Issuance of common stock, exercise of "B" warrants         0.05         268,500               3           13,422               --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of "C" warrants         0.08          12,900              --            1,032               --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1990                                       --              --               --         (267,867)
                                                                   ------------    ------------     ------------     ------------

Balance, December 31, 1990                                          200,299,882           2,003        1,845,992       (1,200,915)
                                                                   ------------    ------------     ------------     ------------


</TABLE>


See notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                      F-5
<PAGE>


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2001

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     COMMON STOCK                                    DEFICIT
                                                           -------------------------------------                    ACCUMULATED
                                                           AMOUNT                                   ADDITIONAL      DURING THE
                                                            PER                                       PAID-IN       DEVELOPMENT
                                                           SHARE        SHARES         AMOUNT         CAPITAL          STAGE
                                                           ------    ------------   ------------    ------------    ------------
<S>                                                        <C>       <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>
Balance, December 31, 1990                                            200,299,882   $      2,003    $  1,845,992    $ (1,200,915)

Issuance of common stock, exercise of "B" warrants         $ 0.05          11,400             --             420              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of "C" warrants           0.08           2,500             --             200              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of underwriter warrants   0.12       3,760,000             38          45,083              --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1991                                         --             --              --        (249,871)
                                                                     ------------   ------------    ------------    ------------

Balance, December 31, 1991                                            204,073,782          2,041       1,891,695      (1,450,786)

Issuance of common stock, for testing                        0.04      10,000,000            100         404,900              --
Issuance of common stock, for consulting services            0.06         500,000              5          27,495              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of "B" warrants           0.05       7,458,989             75         372,875              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of "C" warrants           0.08       5,244,220             52         419,487              --
Expenses of stock issuance                                                                                (7,792)
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1992                                         --             --              --        (839,981)
                                                                     ------------   ------------    ------------    ------------

Balance, December 31, 1992                                            227,276,991          2,273       3,108,660      (2,290,767)

Issuance of common stock, for consulting services           0.055         500,000              5          27,495              --
Issuance of common stock, for consulting services            0.03       3,500,000             35         104,965              --
Issuance of common stock, for testing                       0.035       5,000,000             50         174,950              --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1993                                         --             --              --        (563,309)
                                                                     ------------   ------------    ------------    ------------

Balance, December 31, 1993                                            236,276,991          2,363       3,416,070      (2,854,076)
                                                                     ------------   ------------    ------------    ------------

</TABLE>


See notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                      F-6
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2001


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      COMMON STOCK                                        DEFICIT
                                              -------------------------------                           ACCUMULATED
                                              AMOUNT                           ADDITIONAL                DURING THE     DEFERRED
                                                PER                             PAID-IN    SUBSCRIPTION  DEVELOPMENT  COMPENSATION
                                               SHARE     SHARES       AMOUNT    CAPITAL     RECEIVABLE     STAGE          COST
                                              ------  -----------   --------- -----------  ------------  -----------  ------------
<S>                                            <C>    <C>           <C>       <C>              <C>      <C>             <C>
Balance, December 31, 1993                            236,276,991   $   2,363 $ 3,416,070      $  --    $(2,854,076)     $  --

Issuance of common stock, for consulting
  services                                     $0.05    4,750,000          47     237,453         --             --         --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options   0.08      400,000           4      31,996         --             --         --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options   0.10      190,000           2      18,998         --             --         --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1994                         --          --          --         --       (440,837)        --
                                                      -----------   --------- -----------      -----    -----------      -----

Balance, December 31, 1994                            241,616,991       2,416   3,704,517         --     (3,294,913)        --

Issuance of common stock, exercise of options   0.05    3,333,333          33     166,633         --             --         --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options   0.08    2,092,850          21     167,407         --             --         --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options   0.10    2,688,600          27     268,833         --             --         --
Issuance of common stock, for consulting
  services                                      0.11    1,150,000          12     126,488         --             --         --
Issuance of common stock, for consulting
  services                                      0.14      300,000           3      41,997         --             --         --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1995                         --          --          --         --       (401,884)        --
                                                      -----------   --------- -----------      -----    -----------      -----

Balance, December 31, 1995                            251,181,774       2,512   4,475,875         --     (3,696,797)        --
                                                      -----------   --------- -----------      -----    -----------      -----


</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-7
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2001


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 COMMON STOCK                                            DEFICIT
                                      -----------------------------------                               ACCUMULATED
                                      AMOUNT                               ADDITIONAL                   DURING THE     DEFERRED
                                       PER                                  PAID-IN     SUBSCRIPTION   DEVELOPMENT   COMPENSATION
                                      SHARE       SHARES        AMOUNT      CAPITAL      RECEIVABLE        STAGE         COST
                                      -----    -----------    ----------- ------------  -------------   -----------  ------------
<S>                                   <C>     <C>             <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>
Balance, December 31, 1995                     251,181,774    $     2,512  $ 4,475,875    $        --   $(3,696,797)  $        --

Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                          $0.05      3,333,334             33      166,634             --            --            --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                           0.08      1,158,850             12       92,696             --            --            --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                           0.10      7,163,600             72      716,288             --            --            --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                           0.11        170,000              2       18,698             --            --            --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                           0.12      1,300,000             13      155,987             --            --            --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                           0.18      1,400,000             14      251,986             --            --            --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                           0.19        500,000              5       94,995             --            --            --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                           0.20        473,500              5       94,695             --            --            --
Issuance of common stock, for
  services rendered                    0.50        350,000              3      174,997             --            --            --
Options granted                                         --             --      760,500             --            --      (473,159)
Subscription receivable                                 --             --           --        (19,000)           --            --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1996                  --             --           --             --    (1,154,740)           --
                                               -----------    -----------  -----------    -----------   -----------   -----------

Balance, December 31, 1996                     267,031,058          2,671    7,003,351        (19,000)   (4,851,537)     (473,159)
                                               -----------    -----------  -----------    -----------   -----------   -----------


</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-8
<PAGE>


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2001


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   COMMON STOCK                                           DEFICIT
                                       ------------------------------------                             ACCUMULATED
                                       AMOUNT                               ADDITIONAL                   DURING THE     DEFERRED
                                         PER                                  PAID-IN    SUBSCRIPTION   DEVELOPMENT   COMPENSATION
                                        SHARE      SHARES         AMOUNT      CAPITAL     RECEIVABLE       STAGE          COST
                                       --------  -----------    -----------  -----------  -----------    -----------   -----------
<S>                                   <C>        <C>            <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>
Balance, December 31, 1996                    0  267,031,058    $     2,671  $ 7,003,351  $   (19,000)   $(4,851,537)  $  (473,159)

Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                             $ 0.08    3,333,333             33      247,633           --             --            --
Issuance of common stock, conversion
  of debt                                  0.20    1,648,352             16      329,984           --             --            --
Issuance of common stock, conversion
  of debt                                  0.15      894,526              9      133,991           --             --            --
Issuance of common stock, conversion
  of debt                                  0.12    2,323,580             23      269,977           --             --            --
Issuance of common stock, conversion
  of debt                                  0.15    1,809,524             18      265,982           --             --            --
Issuance of common stock, conversion
  of debt                                  0.16      772,201              8      119,992           --             --            --
Issuance of common stock, for
  services rendered                        0.41       50,000             --       20,500           --             --            --
Issuance of common stock, for
  services rendered                        0.24      100,000              1       23,999           --             --            --
Beneficial conversion feature,
  February debenture                          0           --             --      413,793           --             --            --
Beneficial conversion feature,
  October debenture                           0           --             --    1,350,000           --             --            --
Warrant costs, February debenture             0           --             --       37,242           --             --            --
Warrant costs, October debenture              0           --             --      291,555           --             --            --
Amortization of deferred
  compensation cost                           0           --             --           --           --             --       399,322
Imputed interest on convertible
  debenture                                   0           --             --        4,768           --             --            --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1997        0           --             --           --           --     (4,141,729)           --
                                                 -----------    -----------  -----------  -----------    -----------   -----------

Balance, December 31, 1997                    0  277,962,574          2,779   10,512,767      (19,000)    (8,993,266)      (73,837)
                                                 -----------    -----------  -----------  -----------    -----------   -----------

</TABLE>


See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-9
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2001


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             COMMON STOCK                                        DEFICIT
                                    ----------------------------                               ACCUMULATED
                                    AMOUNT                          ADDITIONAL                  DURING THE     DEFERRED
                                     PER                              PAID-IN    SUBSCRIPTION  DEVELOPMENT   COMPENSATION
                                    SHARE      SHARES     AMOUNT      CAPITAL     RECEIVABLE      STAGE          COST
                                    ------  -----------   ------   ------------    --------    ------------  ------------
<S>                                 <C>     <C>           <C>      <C>             <C>         <C>             <C>
Balance, December 31, 1997                  277,962,574   $2,779   $ 10,512,767    $(19,000)   $ (8,993,266)   $(73,837)

Issuance of common stock,
  exercise of options               $0.12       295,000        3         35,397          --              --          --
Issuance of common stock,
  exercise of options                0.14       500,000        5         69,995          --              --          --
Issuance of common stock,
  exercise of options                0.16       450,000        5         71,995          --              --          --
Issuance of common stock,
  exercise of options                0.20        10,000       --          2,000          --              --          --
Issuance of common stock,
  exercise of options                0.26       300,000        3         77,997          --              --          --
Issuance of common stock,
  conversion of debt                 0.13     1,017,011       10        132,990          --              --          --
Issuance of common stock,
  conversion of debt                 0.14     2,512,887       25        341,225          --              --          --
Issuance of common stock,
  conversion of debt                 0.15     5,114,218       51        749,949          --              --          --
Issuance of common stock,
  conversion of debt                 0.18     1,491,485       15        274,985          --              --          --
Issuance of common stock,
  conversion of debt                 0.19     3,299,979       33        619,967          --              --          --
Issuance of common stock,
  conversion of debt                 0.22     1,498,884       15        335,735          --              --          --
Issuance of common stock,
  conversion of debt                 0.23     1,870,869       19        424,981          --              --          --
Issuance of common stock, for
  services rendered                  0.21       100,000        1         20,999          --              --          --
Beneficial conversion feature,
  November debenture                                 --       --        625,000          --              --          --
Warrant costs, November debenture                    --       --         48,094          --              --          --
Amortization of deferred
  compensation cost                                  --       --             --          --              --      59,068
Write off of subscription
  receivable                                         --       --        (19,000)     19,000              --          --
Net loss, year ended
  December 31, 1998                                  --       --             --          --      (4,557,710)         --
                                            -----------   ------   ------------    --------    ------------    --------

Balance, December 31, 1998                  296,422,907    2,964     14,325,076          --     (13,550,976)    (14,769)
                                            -----------   ------   ------------    --------    ------------    --------


</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-10
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2001

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    COMMON STOCK                            DEFICIT
                                           ----------------------------                   ACCUMULATED
                                           AMOUNT                          ADDITIONAL      DURING THE      DEFERRED      DISCOUNT
                                            PER                              PAID-IN       DEVELOPMENT   COMPENSATION      ON
                                           SHARE    SHARES       AMOUNT     CAPITAL          STAGE           COST        WARRANTS
                                           -----  -----------    ------    -----------    ------------     --------     ---------
<S>                                        <C>    <C>            <C>       <C>            <C>              <C>          <C>
Balance, December 31, 1998                        296,422,907    $2,964    $14,325,076    $(13,550,976)    $(14,769)    $      --

Issuance of common stock, securities
  purchase agreement                       $0.16    4,917,276        49        802,451              --           --            --
Issuance of common stock, securities
  purchase agreement                        0.27    1,851,852        18        499,982              --           --            --
Issuance of common stock, for services
  rendered                                  0.22      100,000         1         21,999              --           --            --
Issuance of common stock, for services
  rendered                                  0.25      180,000         2         44,998              --           --            --
Beneficial conversion feature, August
  debenture                                                --        --        687,500              --           --            --
Beneficial conversion feature, December
  debenture                                                --        --        357,143              --           --            --
Warrant costs, securities purchase
  agreement                                                --        --        494,138              --           --      (494,138)
Warrant costs, securities purchase
  agreement                                                --        --         37,025              --           --       (37,025)
Warrant costs, August debenture                            --        --         52,592              --           --            --
Warrant costs, December debenture                          --        --          4,285              --           --            --
Amortization of warrant costs,
  securities purchase agreement                            --        --             --              --           --       102,674
Amortization of deferred
  compensation cost                                        --        --             --              --       14,769            --
Credit arising from modification of
  option terms                                             --        --        210,144              --           --            --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1999                     --        --             --      (6,174,262)          --            --
                                                  -----------    ------    -----------    ------------     --------     ---------

Balance, December 31, 1999                        303,472,035     3,034     17,537,333     (19,725,238)          --      (428,489)
                                                  -----------    ------    -----------    ------------     --------     ---------

</TABLE>


See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-11
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2001

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     COMMON STOCK                                DEFICIT
                                           -------------------------------                     ACCUMULATED
                                           AMOUNT                             ADDITIONAL       DURING THE        DISCOUNT
                                            PER                                 PAID-IN        DEVELOPMENT          ON
                                           SHARE       SHARES       AMOUNT      CAPITAL           STAGE           WARRANTS
                                          -------    -----------    ------    ------------     ------------     -----------
<S>                                        <C>       <C>            <C>       <C>              <C>              <C>
Balance, December 31, 1999                           303,472,035    $3,034    $ 17,537,333     $(19,725,238)    $  (428,489)

Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                              $0.1400        600,000         6          83,994               --              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                               0.1500      1,600,000        16         239,984               --              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                               0.1600        650,000         7         103,994               --              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                               0.1700        100,000         1          16,999               --              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                               0.2100        792,500         8         166,417               --              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                               0.2500      1,000,000        10         246,090               --              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                               0.2700        281,000         3          75,867               --              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                               0.3600        135,000         1          48,599               --              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of warrants                              0.2040        220,589         2          44,998               --              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of warrants                              0.2448        220,589         2          53,998               --              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of warrants                              0.2750         90,909         1          24,999               --              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of warrants                              0.3300         90,909         1          29,999               --              --
Issuance of common stock,
  conversion of debt                       0.1400     35,072,571       351       4,907,146               --              --
Issuance of common stock,
  conversion of debt                       0.1900      1,431,785        14         275,535               --              --
Issuance of common stock,
  conversion of debt                       0.2000      1,887,500        19         377,481               --              --
Issuance of common stock,
  conversion of debt                       0.3600         43,960        --          15,667               --              --
Issuance of common stock, cashless
  exercise of warrants                                   563,597         6         326,153               --              --
Issuance of common stock, services
  rendered                                 0.4650        100,000         1          46,499               --              --
Private placement of common stock          0.2200     13,636,357       136       2,999,864               --              --
Private placement of common stock          0.3024      4,960,317        50       1,499,950               --              --
Private placement of common stock          0.4000     13,265,000       133       5,305,867               --              --
Cashless exercise of warrants                                 --        --        (326,159)              --              --
Beneficial conversion feature,
  January Debenture                                           --        --         386,909               --              --
Warrant costs, consulting agreement                           --        --         200,249               --              --
Warrant costs, January Debenture                              --        --          13,600               --              --
Warrant costs, private placement                              --        --       3,346,414               --      (3,346,414)
Recovery of subscription receivable
  previously written off                                      --        --          19,000               --              --
Amortization of warrant costs,
  securities purchase agreements                              --        --              --               --         544,163
Credit arising from modification of
  option terms                                                --        --       1,901,927               --              --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 2000                        --        --              --       (9,354,664)             --
                                                     -----------    ------    ------------     ------------     -----------

Balance, December 31, 2000                           380,214,618     3,802      39,969,373      (29,079,902)     (3,230,740)
                                                     -----------    ------    ------------     ------------     -----------


</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-12
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2001


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     COMMON STOCK                                DEFICIT
                                          --------------------------------                     ACCUMULATED
                                          AMOUNT                               ADDITIONAL       DURING THE        DISCOUNT
                                           PER                                  PAID-IN        DEVELOPMENT           ON
                                          SHARE       SHARES        AMOUNT      CAPITAL           STAGE           WARRANTS
                                          ------    -----------    -------    ------------     ------------     -----------
<S>                                       <C>       <C>            <C>        <C>              <C>              <C>
Balance,  December 31, 2000                         380,214,618    $ 3,802    $ 39,969,373     $(29,079,902)    $(3,230,740)

Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                              0.2700         40,000          1          10,799               --              --
Issuance of common stock, exercise
  of options                              0.3600         20,000          1           7,199               --              --
Issuance of common stock, cashless
  exercise of warrants                                   76,411          1          77,491               --              --
Issuance of common stock, for
  services rendered                       0.3500        100,000          1          34,999               --              --
Sale of common stock, for cash            0.1500      6,666,667         66         999,933
Sale of common stock, for cash            0.3000      2,000,000         20         599,980               --              --
Sale of common stock, for cash            0.3200      3,125,000         31         999,969               --              --
Sale of common stock, for cash            0.4000      1,387,500         14         554,986               --              --
Sale of common stock, for cash            0.2700      9,666,667         96       2,609,904
Cashless exercise of warrants                                --         --         (77,491)              --              --
Warrant costs, private placement                             --         --         168,442               --        (168,442)
Warrant costs, private equity
  line of credit                                             --         --       1,019,153               --      (1,019,153)
Amortization of warrant costs,
  securities purchase agreements                             --         --              --               --         985,705
Credit arising from modification of
  option terms                                               --         --         691,404               --              --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 2001                       --         --              --      (11,715,568)             --
                                                    -----------    -------    ------------     ------------     -----------

Balance, December 31, 2001                          403,296,863    $ 4,033    $ 47,666,141     $(40,795,470)    $(3,432,630)
                                                    ===========    =======    ============     ============     ===========

</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-13
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                      INCEPTION
                                                                                                                     (FEBRUARY 20,
                                                                                YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                 1984) TO
                                                                      -------------------------------------------     DECEMBER 31,
                                                                          2001             2000           1999           2001
                                                                      ------------    ------------    -----------    ------------
<S>                                                                   <C>             <C>             <C>            <C>
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
   Net loss                                                           $(11,715,568)   $ (9,354,664)   $(6,174,262)   $(40,795,470)
                                                                      ------------    ------------    -----------    ------------
   Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
      net cash used by operating activities:
         Depreciation                                                      532,264         362,392        230,785       1,440,789
         Amortization of debt issue costs                                   15,344         106,030        331,250         794,559
         Amortization of deferred interest cost on beneficial
            conversion feature of convertible debenture                         --         386,909      1,044,643       3,818,663
         Amortization of discount on warrants                              985,705         611,134        148,262       2,035,398
         Amortization of discount on warrants - consulting services             --         230,249             --         230,249
         Amortization of deferred compensation cost                             --              --         14,769         760,500
         Issuance of common stock for debenture interest                        --          76,212             --          76,212
         Issuance of common stock for services                              35,000          46,500         67,000       1,586,000
         Compensation related to modification of option terms              691,404       1,901,927        210,144       2,803,475
         Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
            Increase in other current assets                               (28,358)         (5,063)       (29,917)        (93,156)
            Decrease in inventory                                           19,729              --             --              --
            Increase in other assets                                       (53,232)       (278,037)      (440,216)     (1,548,227)
            Increase in accounts payable and  accrued liabilities          940,745         174,089        449,848       1,849,906
                                                                      ------------    ------------    -----------    ------------
                  Total adjustments                                      3,138,601       3,612,342      2,026,568      13,754,368
                                                                      ------------    ------------    -----------    ------------
                  Net cash used by operating activities                 (8,576,967)     (5,742,322)    (4,147,694)    (27,041,102)
                                                                      ------------    ------------    -----------    ------------

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
   Purchase of investments                                                      --              --             --      (6,292,979)
   Proceeds from sale of investments                                            --              --        821,047       6,292,979
   Acquisition of property and equipment                                (1,588,648)       (917,471)      (407,150)     (4,055,669)
                                                                      ------------    ------------    -----------    ------------
                  Net cash provided (used) by investing activities      (1,588,648)       (917,471)       413,897      (4,055,669)
                                                                      ------------    ------------    -----------    ------------

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
   Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt                                   --       1,000,000      3,000,000       9,500,000
   Proceeds from sale of securities, net of issuance costs               5,783,000      10,835,970        702,500      23,300,058
   Payments under capital lease                                            (58,690)        (50,324)       (41,986)       (167,602)
   Payments on note payable                                                (21,519)        (19,096)       (14,261)        (54,876)
   Recovery of subscription receivable written off                              --          19,000             --          19,000
                                                                      ------------    ------------    -----------    ------------
                  Net cash provided by financing activities              5,702,791      11,785,550      3,646,253      32,596,580
                                                                      ------------    ------------    -----------    ------------

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents                    (4,462,824)      5,125,757        (87,544)      1,499,809

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning                                     5,962,633         836,876        924,420              --
                                                                      ------------    ------------    -----------    ------------

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Ending                                     $  1,499,809    $  5,962,633    $   836,876    $  1,499,809
                                                                      ============    ============    ===========    ============

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Financing Activities:
   Cash paid during the year for interest                             $     20,556    $     36,681    $   118,870
                                                                      ============    ============    ===========

During 2000, the Company purchased equipment
   under a capital lease totaling $13,197.

</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-14
<PAGE>


                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                           DECEMBER 31, 2001 AND 2000



NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         BUSINESS

             Advanced Viral Research Corp. (the Company) was incorporated in
             Delaware on July 31, 1985. The Company was organized for the
             purpose of manufacturing and marketing a pharmaceutical product
             initially named Reticulose, the current formulation of which is now
             known as and hereinafter referred to as "Product R". While the
             Company has had limited sales of this product, primarily for
             research purposes, the success of the Company will be dependent
             upon obtaining certain regulatory approval for its pharmaceutical
             product, Product R, to commence commercial operations.

         PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

             The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
             Company and its 99.6% owned subsidiary, Advance Viral Research,
             Ltd. (LTD), a Bahamian Corporation. All significant intercompany
             accounts have been eliminated.

         DEVELOPMENT STAGE ENTERPRISE

             As described above, the Company was incorporated on July 31, 1985,
             and, since that time, has been primarily involved in organizational
             activities, research and development activities, and raising
             capital. Planned operations, as described above, have not commenced
             to any significant extent. Accordingly, the Company is considered
             to be in the development stage, and the accompanying consolidated
             financial statements represent those of a development stage
             enterprise.

         CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

             Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments (primarily a
             money market fund), with original maturities of three months or
             less.

         PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

             Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed
             using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
             the assets. Gain or loss on disposition of assets is recognized
             currently. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as
             incurred. Major replacements and betterments are capitalized and
             depreciated over the remaining useful lives of the assets.

         RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

             Research and development costs are expensed as incurred by the
             Company.



                                      F-15
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)



NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         OTHER ASSETS

             Patent development costs are capitalized as incurred. Such costs
             will be amortized over the life of the patent, commencing at the
             time Product R is marketed. Loan costs include fees paid in
             connection with the February 2001 private equity line of credit
             agreement and are being amortized over the life of the agreement
             (see Note 6).

         INCOME TAXES

             The Company accounts for its income taxes using Statement of
             Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109, ACCOUNTING FOR
             INCOME TAXES, which requires recognition of deferred tax
             liabilities and assets for expected future tax consequences of
             events that have been included in the financial statements or tax
             returns. Under this method, deferred tax liabilities and assets are
             determined based on the differences between the financial statement
             and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in
             effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
             reverse.

         ESTIMATED FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

             The information set forth below provides disclosure of the
             estimated fair value of the Company's financial instruments
             presented in accordance with the requirements of Statement of
             Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 107. Fair value estimates
             discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and
             pertinent information available to management as of December 31,
             2001 and 2000. Since the reported fair values of financial
             instruments are based upon a variety of factors, they may not
             represent actual values that could have been realized as of
             December 31, 2001 and 2000 or that will be realized in the future.

             The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial
             instruments approximated their fair values. These financial
             instruments include cash, a money market fund and accounts payable.
             Fair values were assumed to approximate carrying values for these
             financial instruments since they are short-term in nature and their
             carrying amounts approximate fair values or they are receivable or
             payable on demand.

         CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISk

             Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
             concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash. At
             various times during the year, the Company had cash balances in
             excess of federally insured limits. The Company maintains its cash,
             which consists primarily of demand deposits, with high quality
             financial institutions, which the Company believes limits this
             risk.



                                      F-16
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

              The Company has elected to follow Accounting Principles Board
              Opinion No. 25, ACCOUNTING FOR STOCK ISSUED TO EMPLOYEES (APB No.
              25), and related interpretations, in accounting for its employee
              stock options rather than the alternative fair value accounting
              allowed by SFAS No. 123, ACCOUNTING FOR STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION.
              APB No. 25 provides that the compensation expense relative to the
              Company's employee stock options is measured based on the
              intrinsic value of the stock option. SFAS No. 123 requires
              companies that continue to follow APB No. 25 to provide a
              pro-forma disclosure of the impact of applying the fair value
              method of SFAS No. 123. The Company follows SFAS No. 123 in
              accounting for stock options issued to non-employees.

         NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE

             The Company computes loss per share in accordance with SFAS No.
             128, EARNINGS PER SHARE. This standard requires dual presentation
             of basic and diluted earnings per share on the face of the income
             statement for all entities with complex capital structures and
             requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the
             diluted earnings per share computation.

             Net loss per common share (basic and diluted) is based on the net
             loss divided by the weighted average number of common shares
             outstanding during the year. The Company's potentially issuable
             shares of common stock pursuant to outstanding stock options and
             warrants are excluded from the Company's diluted computation, as
             their effect would be anti-dilutive.

         REVENUE RECOGNITION

             The limited sales generated by the Company have consisted of sales
             of Product R for testing and other purposes. The Company records
             sales when the product is shipped to customers.

         USE OF ESTIMATES

             The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
             accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
             requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
             the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying
             notes. Although these estimates are based on management's knowledge
             of current events and actions it may undertake in the future, they
             may ultimately differ from actual results.

         RECLASSIFICATIONS

             Certain amounts in the 1999 and 2000 financial statements have been
             reclassified to conform to 2001 presentation.



                                      F-17
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

             In August 2001, the FASB issued Statement No. 144, ACCOUNTING FOR
             THE IMPAIRMENT OR DISPOSAL OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS (SFAS 144), which
             addresses financial accounting and reporting for the impairment or
             disposal of long-lived assets. SFAS 144 supersedes Statement No.
             121, ACCOUNTING FOR THE IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND FOR
             LONG-LIVED ASSETS TO BE DISPOSED OF, and the accounting and
             reporting provisions of APB Opinion No. 30, REPORTING THE RESULTS
             OF OPERATIONS - REPORTING THE EFFECTS OF DISPOSAL OF A SEGMENT OF A
             BUSINESS, and EXTRAORDINARY, UNUSUAL AND INFREQUENTLY OCCURRING
             EVENTS AND TRANSACTIONS, for the disposal of a segment of a
             business. SFAS 144 retains the requirement in Opinion No. 30 to
             report separately discontinued operations and extends that
             reporting to a component of an entity that either has been disposed
             of or is classified as held for sale. The Company has not
             determined the impact that SFAS 144 will have, if any, on its
             financial statements.

             In July 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141, BUSINESS COMBINATIONS,
             and SFAS No. 142, GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS which
             replace Accounting Principles Board Opinion Nos. 16, BUSINESS
             COMBINATIONS and 17, INTANGIBLE ASSETS, respectively. SFAS No. 141
             requires that the purchase method of accounting be used for all
             business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001, and that the
             use of the pooling-of-interests method be prohibited. SFAS No. 142
             changes the accounting for goodwill from an amortization method to
             an impairment-only method. Amortization of goodwill, including
             goodwill recorded in past business combinations, will cease upon
             adoption of SFAS No. 142, which the Company will be required to
             adopt on January 1, 2002. After December 31, 2001, goodwill can
             only be written down upon impairment discovered during annual tests
             for fair value, or discovered during tests taken when certain
             triggering events occur. The Company believes that the adoption of
             this statement will not have an impact on the results of operations
             or financial position of the Company.

             In June 1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS
             No. 137, ACCOUNTING FOR DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING
             ACTIVITIES - DEFERRAL OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF SFAS NO. 133 AN
             AMENDMENT OF SFAS NO. 133, which deferred the effective date to all
             fiscal quarters of all fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000.
             Historically, the Company has not entered into derivatives
             contracts to hedge existing risks or for speculative purposes.
             Adoption of the new standard on January 1, 2001 had no effect on
             the financial statements.

             In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
             issued FASB Interpretation No. 44, ACCOUNTING FOR CERTAIN
             TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING STOCK COMPENSATION - AN INTERPRETATION OF
             APB OPINION NO. 25 (FIN 44). FIN 44 clarifies the application of
             APB Opinion No. 25 and, among other issues, clarifies the
             following: the definition of an employee for purposes of applying
             APB Opinion No. 25; the criteria for determining whether a plan
             qualifies as a noncompensatory plan; the accounting consequences of
             various modifications to the terms of previously fixed stock
             options or awards; and the accounting for an exchange of stock
             compensation awards in a business combination. FIN 44 was effective
             July 1, 2000, but certain conclusions in FIN 44 cover specific
             events that occurred after either December 15, 1998 or January 12,
             2000. The Company adopted FIN 44 in the third quarter of 2000 and
             there was no material impact on the Company's results of operations
             or financial position.



                                      F-18
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 2.  LIQUIDITY

         As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has
         suffered accumulated net losses of approximately $41,000,000 during its
         history. The Company is dependent upon registration of Product R for
         sale before it can begin commercial operations. The Company's cash
         position may be inadequate to pay all the costs associated with the
         full range of testing and clinical trials required by the FDA. Unless
         and until Product R is approved for sale in the United States or
         another industrially developed country, the Company will be dependent
         upon the continued sale of its securities, debt or equity financing for
         funds to meet its cash requirements.

         During the year ended December 31, 2001, the Company completed several
         equity transactions in which it received cash proceeds of approximately
         $5,800,000, of which $2,610,000 was received in December 2001. In
         addition, in February 2001, the Company entered into an equity line
         credit agreement to sell up to $50,000,000 of the Company's common
         stock (see Note 6).

         Subsequent to year end, the Company completed several private
         placements of its securities under a previously filed shelf
         registration in which it received cash proceeds of $2,000,000 (see Note
         6).

         Management believes that cash flows from sales of securities and from
         current financing arrangements will be sufficient to fund operations
         for the next year. Management intends to continue to sell the Company's
         securities in an attempt to meet its cash flow requirements; however,
         no assurance can be given that equity or debt financing, if and when
         required, will be available.

NOTE 3.  ACQUISITION

         Two of the principal stockholders of the Company acquired LTD, a
         Bahamian Corporation with pharmaceutical manufacturing and warehousing
         facilities, on February 20, 1984. The acquisition was a combination of
         two entities under common control and has been accounted for in a
         manner similar to a pooling of interests. In 1986, the Company acquired
         from LTD exclusive rights to manufacture and market Reticulose
         (currently referred to as Product R) worldwide, except within the
         Bahamas, for $50,000. The Company also purchased inventory of Product R
         from LTD for $45,000 and was obligated to pay $3 per ampule of Product
         R for the initial 100,000 ampules purchased and $2 per ampule for
         purchases exceeding 100,000 ampules. On December 16, 1987, the Company
         acquired the controlling beneficial interest in 99.6% of the common
         stock of LTD through an appropriate trust agreement to satisfy the
         rules of the Bahamian Government, from two of the principal
         stockholders of the Company. Both stockholders concurrently canceled
         $86,565 of indebtedness due them from LTD.



                                      F-19
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 4.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               ESTIMATED USEFUL
                                                LIVES (YEARS)             2001            2000
                                               -----------------       ----------      ----------
<S>                                                   <C>              <C>             <C>
          Land and improvements                       15               $   34,550      $   34,550
          Building and improvements                   30                1,233,524         896,720
          Machinery and equipment                      5                3,170,759       1,918,693
                                                                       ----------      ----------
                                                                        4,438,833       2,849,963
          Less accumulated depreciation                                 1,438,250         905,764
                                                                       ----------      ----------
                                                                       $3,000,583      $1,944,199
                                                                       ==========      ==========

</TABLE>


         The Company maintains certain property and equipment in Freeport,
         Bahamas. This property and equipment amounted to $433,119 as of
         December 31, 2001 and $402,694 as of December 31, 2000, including
         $17,623 expended in 1987 to purchase a land lease expiring in 2068.
         Included with machinery and equipment is $13,197 of equipment purchased
         under a capital lease during 2000. Depreciation expense for equipment
         under the capital leases was approximately $10,368, $7,729 and $47,040
         in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively. These amounts are included above.

NOTE 5.  OTHER ASSETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         2001          2000
                                                                       --------      --------
<S>                                                                    <C>           <C>
          Patent development costs                                     $765,388      $715,655
          Loan costs, net of accumulated amortization of $794,559
             and $779,225                                                68,353        80,198
          Other                                                          51,496        51,496
                                                                       --------      --------
                                                                       $885,237      $847,349
                                                                       ========      ========

</TABLE>

NOTE 6.  SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS

         CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES

             In February 1997 and October 1997, in order to finance research and
             development, the Company sold $1,000,000 and $3,000,000,
             respectively, principal amount of its ten-year 7% Convertible
             Debentures (the "February Debenture" and the "October Debenture",
             collectively, the "Debentures") due February 28, 2007 and August
             30, 2007, respectively, to RBB Bank Aktiengesellschaft ("RBB") in
             offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities
             Act of 1933, as amended. Accrued interest under the Debentures was
             payable semi-annually, computed at the rate of 7% per annum on the
             unpaid principal balance from the date of issuance until the date
             of interest payment. The Debentures were convertible, at the option
             of the holder, into shares of Common Stock pursuant to specified
             formulas. As of May 5, 1998, the October Debenture was fully
             converted.



                                      F-20
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 6.  SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (Continued)

             In connection with the issuance of the February Debenture, the
             Company issued to RBB three warrants (the "February Warrants") to
             purchase common stock, each such February Warrant entitling the
             holder to purchase, from February 21, 1997 through February 28,
             2007, 178,378 shares of common stock. The exercise price of the
             three February Warrants was $0.288, $0.576 and $0.864 per warrant
             share, respectively. The fair value of the February Warrants were
             estimated to be $37,242 ($0.209 per warrant), $19,196 ($0.108 per
             warrant), and $9,946 ($0.056 per warrant), respectively, based upon
             a financial analysis of the terms of the warrants using the
             Black-Scholes Pricing Model. This amount has been reflected in the
             accompanying financial statements as interest expense related to
             the convertible February Debenture.

             In connection with the issuance of the October Debenture, the
             Company issued to RBB three warrants (the "October Warrants") to
             purchase Common Stock, each such October Warrant entitling the
             holder to purchase, from the date of grant through August 30, 2007,
             600,000 shares of the Common Stock. The exercise price of the three
             October Warrants was $0.20, $0.23 and $0.27 per warrant share,
             respectively. The fair value of the three October Warrants was
             established to be $106,571 ($0.178 per warrant), $97,912 ($0.163
             per warrant) and $87,472 ($0.146 per warrant), respectively, based
             upon a financial analysis of the terms of the warrants using the
             Black-Scholes Pricing Model. This amount has been reflected in the
             accompanying financial statements as a discount on the convertible
             debenture, with a corresponding credit to additional paid-in
             capital, and is being amortized over the expected term of the
             notes, which at December 31, 1997 was 120 months. In May 1998, the
             remaining unamortized discount of $276,957 was amortized upon full
             conversion of the October Debenture.

             In November 1998, in order to finance further research and
             development, the Company sold $1,500,000 principal amount of its
             ten year 7% Convertible Debenture (the "November Debenture") due
             October 31, 2008, to RBB. As of March 7, 2000, the November
             Debenture was fully converted.

             In connection with the issuance of the November Debenture, the
             Company issued to RBB two warrants (the "November Warrants") to
             purchase Common Stock, each such November Warrant entitling the
             holder to purchase 375,000 shares of the Common Stock at any time
             and from time to time through October 31, 2008. The exercise price
             of the two November Warrants was $0.20 and $0.24 per warrant share,
             respectively. The fair value of the November warrants was estimated
             to be $48,000 ($0.064 per warrant) based upon a financial analysis
             of the terms of the warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
             with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 20%; a risk
             free interest rate of 5.75% and an expected holding period of one
             year. This amount is being amortized to interest expense in the
             accompanying consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-21
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 6.  SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (Continued)

             In August 1999, in order to finance further research and
             development, the Company entered into a securities purchase
             agreement to issue an aggregate of 20 units, each unit consisting
             of $100,000 principal amount of the Company's 7% convertible
             debenture (the "August Debenture") due August 3, 2009 to Focus
             Investors LLC ("Focus"). Accrued interest under the August
             Debenture is payable semi-annually, computed at the rate of 7% on
             the unpaid principal balance from the date of issuance until the
             date of the interest payment. No payment of the principal of the
             August Debenture may be made prior to the maturity date without the
             consent of the holder. The August Debenture was convertible, at the
             option of the holder, into shares of common stock. On January 19,
             2000, February 17, 2000 and March 3, 2000 pursuant to notice by the
             holder, Focus, to the Company under the August Debenture, $300,000,
             $900,000 and $800,000, respectively, of the principal amount of the
             August Debenture was converted into 2,178,155, 6,440,735 and
             5,729,967 shares of the common stock, respectively. As of March 3,
             2000 the November Debenture was fully converted. Based on the terms
             for conversion associated with the August Debenture, there was an
             intrinsic value associated with the beneficial conversion feature
             of $687,500. This amount has been recorded as interest expense in
             1999.

             In connection with the issuance of the August Debenture, the
             Company issued to Focus one warrant (the "August Warrant") to
             purchase Common Stock, such August Warrant entitling the holder to
             purchase 1,000,000 shares of the Common Stock at any time and from
             time to time through August 3, 2004. The exercise price of the
             August Warrant was $0.2461 per warrant share. The fair value of the
             August Warrants was estimated to be $52,592 ($0.0526 per warrant
             share) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the warrant
             using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following
             assumptions: expected volatility of 20%; a risk free interest rate
             of 5.75% and an expected holding period of five years. This amount
             is being amortized to interest expense in the accompanying
             consolidated financial statements.

             In December 1999, in order to finance further research and
             development, the Company entered into a securities purchase
             agreement to sell $2,000,000 principal amount of the Company's 7%
             convertible debenture (the December Debenture) due December 28,
             2009 to Endeavour Capital ("Endeavour"). Accrued interest under the
             December Debenture was payable semi-annually, computed at the rate
             of 7% on the unpaid principal balance from the date of issuance
             until the date of the interest payment. No payment of the principal
             of the December Debenture may be made prior to the maturity date
             without the consent of the holder. The December Debenture was
             convertible, at the option of the holder, into shares of common
             stock. During 1999, $1,000,000 of these debentures was sold. The
             remaining $1,000,000 was not available until the shares underlying
             the first $1,000,000 were registered. Such registration statement
             was declared effective in January 2000 and the remaining $1,000,000
             transaction was consummated. Based on the terms for conversion
             associated with the first $1,000,000 of the December Debenture,
             there was an intrinsic value associated with the beneficial
             conversion feature of $357,143. This amount has been recorded as
             interest expense in 1999. Based on the terms for conversion
             associated with the second $1,000,000 of the December Debenture,
             there was an intrinsic value associated with the beneficial
             conversion feature of $386,909. This amount has been recorded as
             interest expense in 2000.



                                      F-22
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 6.  SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (Continued)

             On January 27, 2000, February 22, 2000, February 23, 2000, February
             24, 2000, February 29, 2000 and October 25, 2000 pursuant to notice
             by the holder, Endeavour, to the Company under the December
             Debenture, $150,000, $135,000, $715,000, $785,000, $200,000 and
             $15,000, respectively, of the principal amount of the December
             Debenture was converted into 1,105,435, 988,913, 5,149,035,
             5,622,696, 1,036,674 and 43,960 shares of the common stock,
             respectively.

             In connection with the issuance of the first $1,000,000 of the
             December Debenture, the Company issued to Endeavour warrants (the
             December Warrants) to purchase Common Stock, such December Warrant
             entitling the holder to purchase 100,000 shares of the Common Stock
             at any time and from time to time through December 31, 2002. The
             exercise price of the December Warrant was $0.19 per warrant share.
             The fair value of the December Warrants was estimated to be $4,285
             ($0.0429 per warrant share) based upon a financial analysis of the
             terms of the warrant using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the
             following assumptions: expected volatility of 20%; a risk free
             interest rate of 6% and an expected holding period of three years.
             This amount was amortized to interest expense.

             In connection with the issuance of the second $1,000,000 of the
             December Debenture, the Company issued to Endeavour warrants (the
             December Warrants) to purchase Common Stock, such December Warrants
             entitling the holder to purchase 110,000 shares of the Common Stock
             at any time and from time to time through December 31, 2002. The
             exercise price of the December Warrant was $0.20 per warrant share.
             The fair value of the December Warrants was estimated to be $13,600
             ($0.136 per warrant share) based upon a financial analysis of the
             terms of the warrant using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the
             following assumptions: expected volatility of 90%; a risk free
             interest rate of 6% and an expected holding period of three years.
             This amount was amortized to interest expense.

         OTHER

             In January 1999, pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, the
             Company issued 4,917,276 shares of its common stock for an
             aggregate purchase price of $802,500. Such agreement also provided
             for the issuance of four warrants to purchase a total of 2,366,788
             shares of common stock at prices ranging from $0.204 to $0.2448 per
             share at any time until December 31, 2003. The fair value of these
             warrants was estimated to be $494,138 ($0.209 per warrant) based
             upon a financial analysis of the terms of the warrants using the
             Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
             expected volatility of 20%; a risk free interest rate of 6% and an
             expected holding period of five years. This amount is being
             amortized to interest expense in the accompanying consolidated
             financial statements. As of December 31, 2001, 482,830 shares of
             common stock were issued pursuant to the exercise of these warrants
             for an aggregate exercise price of approximately $126,000.


                                      F-23
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 6.  SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         OTHER (Continued)

             On June 23, 1999, the Company entered into a securities purchase
             agreement with certain individuals whereby the Company issued
             1,851,852 shares of its common stock for an aggregate purchase
             price of $500,000. These proceeds were received in July 1999. Such
             agreement also provided for the issuance of warrants to purchase an
             aggregate of 925,926 shares of common stock at any time until June
             30, 2004. The fair value of these warrants was estimated to be
             $37,000 ($0.04 per warrant) based upon a financial analysis of the
             terms of the warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with
             the following assumptions: expected volatility of 20%; a risk free
             interest rate of 5.75% and an expected holding period of five
             years. This amount is being amortized to interest expense in the
             accompanying consolidated financial statements.

             Pursuant to a securities purchase agreement with Harbor View Group
             and other various purchasers, dated February 16, 2000, the Company
             received $3,000,000 on March 9, 2000 in exchange for 13,636,357
             shares of common stock.

             Additionally, in connection with the above described securities
             purchase agreement, the Company issued warrants to purchase an
             aggregate of 5,454,544 shares of common stock. Fifty percent (50%)
             of the warrants are exercisable at $0.275 per share and fifty
             percent (50%) of the warrants are exercisable at $0.33 per share,
             until February 28, 2005. The fair value of these warrants was
             estimated to be $1,582,734 ($0.295 and $0.285 per warrant share)
             based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the warrant using
             the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions;
             expected volatility of 90%; a risk free interest rate of 6% and an
             expected holding period of five years. This amount is being
             amortized to interest expense in the accompanying consolidated
             financial statements. As of December 31, 2001, 216,577 shares of
             common stock were issued pursuant to the exercise of these warrants
             for an aggregate exercise price of approximately $105,000.

             On November 8, 2000, the Company entered into a securities purchase
             agreement with Harbor View Group, Inc. and various other
             purchasers, whereby the Company authorized the issuance and sale of
             up to 50,000,000 shares of common stock in a private offering
             transaction at a purchase price of $0.40 per share. As of December
             31, 2001, 13,427,500 shares were issued for a purchase price of
             $5,371,000.

             Such agreement also provided for the issuance of warrants to
             purchase an aggregate of 30,000,000 shares of common stock, half at
             an exercise price of $0.48 and half at an exercise price of $0.56.
             As of December 31, 2000, 7,959,000 warrants had been issued
             (3,979,500 at $0.48 and 3,979,500 at $0.56) exercisable at any time
             until November 8, 2005. The fair value of these warrants was
             estimated to be $1,763,680 ($0.222 per warrant) based upon a
             financial analysis of the terms of the warrants using the
             Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
             expected volatility of 80%; a risk free interest rate of 6% and an
             expected holding period of five years. This amount is being
             amortized to interest expense in the accompanying consolidated
             financial statements. The Company paid a fee of $265,300 relative
             to this agreement, which has been charged to interest expense in
             the accompanying consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-24
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 6.  SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         OTHER (Continued)

             On November 16, 2000, the Company entered into a securities
             purchase agreement with Roseworth Group, Ltd., whereby the Company
             agreed to sell 4,960,317 shares of its common stock at a price of
             $0.3024 per share for an aggregate purchase price of $1,500,000.
             The Company received such proceeds in November 2000.

             On July 19, 2001, the Company entered into a securities purchase
             agreement with BNC Bach International, Ltd., whereby the Company
             sold to BNC Bach International 3,125,000 shares of its common stock
             at a price of $0.32 per share for an aggregate purchase price of
             $1,000,000.

             On July 27, 2001, pursuant to a securities purchase agreement with
             various purchasers, the Company issued 1,225,000 shares of its
             common stock at a price of $0.40 per share for an aggregate
             purchase price of $490,000. Such agreement also provided for the
             issuance of 735,000 warrants to purchase common stock, half of such
             warrants are exercisable at $0.48 per share and half of such are
             exercisable at $0.56 per share until July 27, 2006. The fair value
             of these warrants was estimated to be $144,500 ($0.20 per warrant
             for $0.48 warrants) and ($0.19 per warrant for $0.56 warrants)
             based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the warrants using
             the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
             expected volatility of 80%; a risk free interest rate of 5.5% and
             an expected holding period of five years. This amount is being
             amortized to interest expense in the accompanying consolidated
             financial statements.

             On August 20, 2001, the Company entered into an additional
             securities purchase agreement with BNC Bach International, Ltd.
             whereby the Company sold to BNC Bach International 2,000,000 shares
             of its common sock at a price of $0.30 per share for an aggregate
             purchase price of $600,000.

             On September 28, 2001, the Company entered into a securities
             purchase agreement with Cambois Finance, Ltd. whereby the Company
             agreed to sell 6,666,667 shares of its common stock to Cambois
             Finance, Ltd. for an aggregate purchase price of $1,000,000. The
             Company received such proceeds and issued such shares of common
             sock on October 1, 2001.

             In December 2001, the Company sold 9,666,667 shares of its common
             stock at $0.27 per share to various purchasers for an aggregate
             purchase price of $2,610,000. The purchasers included Harbor View
             Group, Inc. (1,518,519 shares), BNC Bach International, Ltd.
             (7,407,407 shares) and an individual purchaser (740,741 shares).

         PRIVATE EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT

             On February 9, 2001, the Company entered into an equity line of
             credit agreement with Cornell Capital Partners, LP, an
             institutional investor, to sell up to $50,000,000 of the


                                      F-25
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 6.  SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         PRIVATE EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT (Continued)

             Company's common stock. Under such agreement, the Company may
             exercise "put options" to sell shares for certain prices based on
             certain average trading prices. Upon signing this agreement, the
             Company issued to its placement agent, May Davis Group, Inc., and
             certain investors, Class A warrants to purchase an aggregate of
             5,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.00 per
             share, exercisable in part or whole until February 9, 2006, and
             Class B warrants to purchase an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of
             common stock at an exercise price equal to the greater of $1.00 or
             110% of the bid price on the applicable advance date. Such Class B
             warrants are exercisable pro rata with respect to the number of
             warrant shares as determined by the fraction of the advance payable
             on that date as the numerator and $20,000,000 as the denominator
             multiplied by 5,000,000, until sixty months from the date of
             issuance.

             The fair value of the Class A warrants was estimated to be
             $1,019,153 ($0.204 per warrant) based upon a financial analysis of
             the terms of the warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
             with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; a risk
             free interest rate of 6% and an expected holding period of five
             years. This amount is being amortized to interest expense in the
             accompanying consolidated financial statements.

         SUBSEQUENT FINANCINGS

             On February 7, 2002, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase
             Agreement with Roseworth Group pursuant to which we issued and sold
             to Roseworth Group 3,333,333 shares of our common stock at a
             negotiated price of $0.15 per share, for a total purchase price of
             $500,000.

             On February 21, 2002, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase
             Agreement with Roseworth Group pursuant to which we issued and sold
             to Roseworth Group 3,333,333 shares of our common stock at a
             negotiated price of $0.15 per share, for a total purchase price of
             $500,000.

             On March 22, 2002, the Company entered into a Stock purchase
             Agreement with Roseworth Group pursuant to which we issued and sold
             to Roseworth Group 3,333,333 shares of our common stock at a
             negotiated price of $0.15 per share, for a total purchase price of
             $500,000.

NOTE 7.  NOTE PAYABLE

         During 1999, the Company entered into an installment purchase agreement
         for equipment totaling $123,600. The agreement is collateralized by the
         equipment and calls for monthly installments of $2,476 at 12% per annum
         for 60 months, commencing in March 1999 and expiring in February 2004.



                                      F-26
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 7.  NOTE PAYABLE (Continued)

         The aggregate maturities of the installment purchase agreement are as
         follows:

          Year ending December 31:

            2002                                $24,246
            2003                                 27,521
            2004                                  4,677
                                                -------
                                                 56,444

          Less current portion                   24,246
                                                -------
          Note payable - long-term portion      $32,198
                                                =======


NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

         GENERAL

         POTENTIAL CLAIM FOR ROYALTIES

             The Company may be subject to claims from certain third parties for
             royalties due on sale of Product R. The Company has not as yet
             received any notice of claim from such parties.

         PRODUCT LIABILITY

             The Company is unaware of any claims or threatened claims since
             Product R was initially marketed in the 1940's; however, one study
             noted adverse reactions from highly concentrated doses in guinea
             pigs. Therefore, the Company could be subjected to claims for
             adverse reactions resulting from the use of Product R. In the event
             any claims for substantial amounts were successful, they could have
             a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and
             on the marketability of Product R. As of the date hereof, the
             Company does not have product liability insurance for Product R.
             There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to secure
             such insurance in adequate amounts or at reasonable premiums if it
             determined to do so. Should the Company be unable to secure such
             product liability insurance, the risk of loss to the Company in the
             event of claims would be greatly increased and could have a
             material adverse effect on the Company.

         LACK OF PATENT PROTECTION

             The Company has six issued patents and one allowed U.S. patent and
             one issued Australian patent for the use of Product R. The Company
             currently has 11 patent applications pending with the U.S. Patent
             Office and 23 foreign patent applications. The Company can give no
             assurance that other companies, having greater economic resources,
             will not be successful in developing a similar product. There can
             be no assurance that such patents, if obtained, will be
             enforceable.


                                      F-27
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         GENERAL (Continued)

         TESTING AGREEMENTS

         PLATA PARTNERS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

             On March 20, 1992, the Company entered into an agreement with Plata
             Partners Limited Partnership ("Plata") pursuant to which Plata
             agreed to perform a demonstration in the Dominican Republic in
             accordance with a certain agreed upon protocol (the "Protocol") to
             assess the efficacy of a treatment using Product R incorporated in
             the Protocol against AIDS (the "Plata Agreement"). Plata covered
             all costs and expenses associated with the demonstration.

             Pursuant to the Plata Agreement, the Company authorized the
             issuance to Plata of 5,000,000 shares of common stock and options
             to purchase an additional 5,000,000 shares at $0.08 per share
             through July 9, 1994 (the "Plata Options") and 5,000,000 shares at
             $0.10 per share through July 9, 1994 (the "Additional Plata
             Options"). Pursuant to several amendments, the Plata Options and
             the Additional Plata Options were exercisable through June 30, 2000
             at an exercise price of $0.15 and $0.17, respectively. The fair
             value of these options was estimated to be $32,925 ($0.0348 per
             option share) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the
             options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following
             assumptions: expected volatility of 20%; risk free interest rate of
             6%. This amount has been charged to compensation expense at
             December 31, 1999 as it related to services previously provided.
             Through December 31, 2001, the Company has received approximately
             $1,422,000 pursuant to the issuance of approximately 9.8 million
             shares in connection with the exercise of the Plata Options and the
             Additional Plata Options.

         ARGENTINE AGREEMENT

             In April 1996, the Company entered into an agreement (the
             "Argentine Agreement") with DCT SRL, an Argentine corporation
             unaffiliated with the Company ("DCT") pursuant to which DCT was to
             cause a clinical trial to be conducted in two separate hospitals
             located in Buenos Aires, Argentina (the "Clinical Trials").
             Pursuant to the Argentine Agreement, the Clinical Trials were to be
             conducted pursuant to a protocol developed by Juan Carlos Flichman,
             M.D. and the purpose of the Clinical Trials was to assess the
             efficacy of the Company's drug Product R on the Human Papilloma
             Virus (HPV). The protocol calls for, among other things, a study to
             be performed with clinical and laboratory follow-up on 12 male and
             female human patients between the ages of 18 and 50.


                                      F-28
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         TESTING AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         ARGENTINE AGREEMENT (Continued)

             Pursuant to the Argentine Agreement, the Company delivered $34,000
             to DCT to cover out-of-pocket expenses associated with the Clinical
             Trials. The Argentine Agreement further provides that at the
             conclusion of the Clinical Trials, DCT shall cause Dr. Flichman to
             prepare and deliver a written report to the Company regarding the
             methodology and results of the Clinical Trials (the "Written
             Report"). In September 1996, Dr. Flichman delivered the Written
             Report to the Company. Upon delivery of the Written Report to the
             Company, the Company delivered to the principals of DCT options to
             acquire 2,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock for a period
             of one year from the date of the delivery of the Written Report, at
             a purchase price of $0.20 per share. Pursuant to several
             amendments, the DCT options were exercisable through June 30, 2000
             at an exercise price of $0.21 per share. The fair value of these
             options was estimated to be $1,788 ($0.0012 per option share) based
             upon a financial analysis of the terms of the options using the
             Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
             expected volatility of 20%; risk free interest rate of 6%. This
             amount has been charged to compensation expense at December 31,
             1999 as it related to services previously provided. Effective July
             1, 2000, these options were extended to December 31, 2000 at an
             exercise price of $0.22 per share. As a result of the modification
             of the option terms, the fair value of these options was estimated
             to be $166,860 ($0.2273 per option share) based on a financial
             analysis of the terms of the options using the Black-Scholes
             Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected volatility
             of 50%; risk free interest rate of 6%. This amount has been charged
             to expense related to modification of existing option terms during
             the year ended December 31, 2000. Effective December 31, 2000,
             these options were extended to December 31, 2001 at an exercise
             price of $0.24 per share. As a result of the modification of the
             option terms, the fair value of these options was estimated to be
             $108,429 ($0.1457 per option share) based on a financial analysis
             of the terms of the options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
             with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; risk
             free interest rate of 6%. This amount has been charged to expense
             related to modification of existing option terms during the year
             ended December 31, 2000. As of December 31, 2001, 1,256,000 shares
             of common stock were issued pursuant to the exercise of these
             options for an aggregate exercise price of approximately $261,500.

             In June 1994, DCT SRL and the Company entered into an exclusive
             distribution agreement whereby the Company granted to DCT, subject
             to certain conditions, the exclusive right to market and sell
             Product R in Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay, Brazil, and
             Chile (the "DCT Exclusive Distribution Agreement").

             In April 1996, the Company entered into an agreement with DCT (the
             HIV-HPV Agreement") whereby the Company agreed to provide to DCT or
             its assignees, up to $600,000 to cover the costs of a double blind
             placebo controlled study in approximately 150 patients to assess
             the efficacy of Product R for the treatment of persons diagnosed
             with the HIV virus (AIDS) and HPV (the "HIV-HPV Study").
             Subsequently, the Company has agreed


                                      F-29
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         TESTING AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         ARGENTINE AGREEMENT (Continued)

             to advance additional funds towards such study. In connection with
             the HIV-HPV Agreement, the Company advanced approximately $665,000,
             which was accounted for as research and development expense. The
             amounts have been used to cover expenses associated with clinical
             activities of the HIV-HPV Study. The HIV-HPV Agreement provides
             that (i) in the event the data from the HIV-HPV Study is used in
             connection with Product R being approved for commercial sale
             anywhere within the territory granted under the DCT Exclusive
             Distribution Agreement or (ii) DCT receives financing to cover the
             costs of the HIV-HPV Study, then DCT is obligated to reimburse the
             Company for all amounts expended in connection with the HIV-HPV
             Study.

             In October 1997, the Company entered into two agreements with DCT,
             whereby the Company agreed to provide DCT or its assignees, up to
             $220,000 and $341,000 to cover the costs of double blind placebo
             controlled studies in approximately 360 and 240 patients,
             respectively, to assess the efficacy of the topical application of
             Product R for the treatment of persons diagnosed with Herpes
             Labialis/Genital Infections (the "Herpes Study") and HPV (the "HPV
             Topical Study").

             In connection with the Herpes Study and the HPV Topical Study
             (collectively, the "Studies"), the Company advanced approximately
             $58,000 and $132,000, respectively. Such expenses were accounted
             for as research and development expense. The amounts expended have
             been used to cover expenses associated with pre-clinical
             activities. Neither the Herpes Study nor the HPV Topical Study has
             commenced. Both Agreements with DCT provide that (i) in the event
             the data from the Studies are used in connection with Product R
             being approved for commercial sale anywhere within the territory
             granted under the DCT Exclusive Distribution Agreement or (ii), DCT
             receives financing to cover the costs of the Studies, then DCT is
             obligated to reimburse the Company for all amounts expended in
             connection with the Studies.

             In February 1998, the Company entered into an agreement with DCT
             (the "Concurrent Agreement") whereby the Company agreed to provide
             DCT or its assignees, up to $413,000 to cover the costs of a study
             in 65 patients to compare the results of treatment of patients with
             AIDS taking a three drug cocktail and Product R with those taking a
             three drug cocktail and a placebo. As of December 31, 2001, the
             Company advanced approximately $50,000 for such study, which has
             been accounted for as research and development expense.

             In May 1998, the Company entered into an agreement with DCT (the
             "Rheumatoid Arthritis Agreement") whereby the Company agreed to
             provide DCT or its assignees, up to $95,000 to cover the costs of a
             controlled study in 30 patients to determine the efficacy of
             Product R for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis in humans. In
             connection with this study, the Company advanced approximately
             $95,000, which has been accounted for as research and development
             expense.


                                      F-30
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         TESTING AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         ARGENTINE AGREEMENT (Continued)

             In July 1998, the Company authorized expenditures of up to $90,000
             to study the effects of Product R in inhibiting the mutation of the
             AIDS virus. As of December 31, 2001, the Company advanced
             approximately $70,000 for such study, which has been accounted for
             as research and development expense.

             As of December 31, 2001, the Company advanced approximately
             $442,000 for expenses in connection with the drug approval process
             in Argentina, which has been accounted for as research and
             development expense. Based on information received from DCT, the
             Company believes that the drug will not be approved for commercial
             distribution in Argentina in the foreseeable future.

         ISRAEL STUDIES

             In January 2001, the Company entered into a 12 month agreement with
             the Weizmann Institute of Science, and Yeda, its developmental arm
             in Israel, to conduct research on the effects of Product R on the
             immune system, especially on T lymphocytes. In addition, scientists
             will explore the effects of Product R in animal models. The total
             cost to the Company of this research is expected to be $118,000. As
             of December 31, 2001, the Company advanced $118,000 for such
             research, which has been accounted for as research and development
             expense.

             In April 2001, the Company formalized a 12 month agreement with
             Selikoff Center in Israel to develop clinical trials in Israel
             using Product R. It is anticipated that these trials will support
             future FDA applications. The cost of the first phase of this
             research is expected to be $242,000. As of December 31, 2001, the
             Company advanced $115,000 for such research, which has been
             accounted for as research and development expense.

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

         HIRSCHMAN AGREEMENT

             In May 1995, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with
             Shalom Hirschman, M.D., Professor of Medicine of Mt. Sinai School
             of Medicine, New York, New York and Director of Mt. Sinai's
             Division of Infectious Diseases, whereby Dr. Hirschman was to
             provide consulting services to the Company through May 1997. The
             consulting services included the development and location of
             pharmacological and biotechnology companies and


                                      F-31
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         HIRSCHMAN AGREEMENT (Continued)

             assisting the Company in seeking joint ventures with and financing
             of companies in such industries. In connection with the consulting
             agreement, the Company issued to Dr. Hirschman 1,000,000 shares of
             the Company's common stock and the option to acquire 5,000,000
             shares of the Company's common stock for a period of three years as
             per the vesting schedule as referred to in the agreement, at a
             purchase price of $0.18 per share. As of December 31, 2001, 900,000
             shares have been issued upon exercise of these options for cash
             consideration of $162,000 under this Agreement.

             In March 1996, the Company entered into an addendum to the
             consulting agreement with Dr. Hirschman whereby Dr. Hirschman
             agreed to provide consulting services to the Company through May
             2000 (the "Addendum"). Pursuant to the Addendum, the Company
             granted to Dr. Hirschman and his designees options to purchase an
             aggregate of 15,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock for a
             three year period pursuant to the following schedule: (i) options
             to purchase 5,000,000 shares exercisable at any time and from time
             to time commencing March 24, 1996 and ending February 17, 2008 at
             an exercise price of $0.19 per share, of which options to acquire
             500,000 shares (exercisable until March 23, 2001) were assigned by
             Dr. Hirschman to Richard Rubin, consultant to Dr. Hirschman; (ii)
             options to purchase 5,000,000 shares exercisable at any time and
             from time to time commencing March 24, 1997 and ending February 17,
             2008 at an exercise price of $0.27 per share, of which options to
             acquire 500,000 shares (exercisable until March 23, 2001) were
             assigned by Dr. Hirschman to Richard Rubin, consultant to Dr.
             Hirschman; and (iii) options to purchase 5,000,000 shares
             exercisable at any time and from time to time commencing March 24,
             1998 and ending February 17, 2008 at an exercise price of $0.36 per
             share, of which options to acquire 500,000 shares (exercisable
             until March 23, 2001) were assigned by Dr. Hirschman to Richard
             Rubin, consultant to Dr. Hirschman. In addition, the Company has
             agreed to cause the shares underlying these options to be
             registered so long as there is no cost to the Company.

             As of December 31, 2001, 976,000 shares of common stock were
             issued pursuant to the exercise of stock options by Richard
             Rubin. Mr. Rubin has, from time to time in the past, advised the
             Company on matters unrelated to his consultation with Dr.
             Hirschman.

             In March 2000, Mr. Rubin transferred 75,000 of his $0.27 options
             and 75,000 of his $0.36 options to Elliot Bauer, an individual who
             also received and exercised shares and options as a result of the
             "Cohen Agreements".

             In November 1997, Dr. Hirschman assigned to Henry Kamioner, a
             consultant to Dr. Hirschman, options to acquire 1,500,000 shares
             (500,000 at $0.19, 500,000 at $0.27, and 500,000 at $0.36).



                                      F-32
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         HIRSCHMAN AGREEMENT (Continued)

             Effective March 23, 2001, the remaining unexercised $0.19, $0.27
             and $0.36 options referred to above which were exercisable until
             March 23, 2001, were extended to December 31, 2001 at their same
             exercise prices. As a result of the modification of the option
             terms, the fair value of the options was estimated to be $357,975
             based on a financial analysis of the terms of the options using the
             Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
             expected volatility of 80%; risk free interest rate of 6%. This
             amount has been charged to compensation expense related to
             modification of existing option terms during the year ended
             December 31, 2001.

             Effective December 31, 2001, the remaining unexercised $0.27 and
             $0.36 options, which had been extended to December 31, 2001, were
             further extended to June 30, 2002 at exercise prices of $0.28 and
             $0.37, respectively. As a result of this modification of the option
             terms, the fair value of the options was estimated to be $6,158
             based on a financial analysis of the terms of the options using the
             Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions:
             expected volatility of 80%; risk free interest rate of 5%. This
             amount has been charged to compensation expense related to
             modification of existing option terms during the year ended
             December 31, 2001.

             In May 2000, the Company and Dr. Hirschman entered into a second
             amended and restated employment agreement (the "Agreement") which
             supersedes in its entirety the July 1998 Employment Agreement.
             Pursuant to this Agreement, Dr. Hirschman was employed to serve as
             Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company until December
             31, 2002. The Agreement further provides that Bernard Friedland and
             William Bregman will vote all shares owned or voted by them in
             favor of Dr. Hirschman as a member of the Board of Directors of the
             Company. The Agreement provides for Dr. Hirschman to receive an
             annual base salary of $361,000 (effective January 1, 2000), use of
             an automobile, major medical, disability, dental and term life
             insurance benefits for the term of his employment and for the
             payment of $100,000 to Dr. Hirschman on the earlier to occur of (i)
             the date an IND number is obtained from and approved by the FDA so
             that human research may be conducted using Product R; or (ii) the
             execution of an agreement relating to co-marketing pursuant to
             which one or more third parties commit to make payments to us of at
             least $15 million. On September 4, 2001, the Company received an
             IND number from the FDA. Therefore, of the $100,000 described
             above, $25,000 was paid as of December 31, 2001. The Agreement also
             provides for previously issued options to acquire 23,000,000 shares
             of common stock at $0.27 per option share to be immediately vested
             as of the date of this agreement and are exercisable until February
             17, 2008.

             The fair value of these options was estimated to be $5,328,441
             ($0.2317 per option share) based upon a financial analysis of the
             terms of the options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the
             following assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; a risk free
             interest rate of


                                      F-33
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         HIRSCHMAN AGREEMENT (Continued)

             6% and an expected life of 32 months. The Company is recognizing
             the $5,328,441 fair value of the options as compensation expense on
             a pro-forma basis over the 32 month service period (the term of the
             employment agreement).

         GALLANTAR AGREEMENT

             On October 1, 1999, the Company entered into an employment
             agreement with Alan Gallantar whereby Mr. Gallantar has agreed to
             serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company for a period of
             three years, subject to earlier termination by either party, either
             for cause as defined in and in accordance with the provisions of
             the agreement, without cause or upon the occurrence of certain
             events. Such agreement provides for Mr. Gallantar to receive a base
             salary of $175,000, $200,000 and $225,000 annually for each of the
             three years of the term of the agreement as well as various
             performance based bonuses ranging from 10% to 50% of the base
             salary and various other benefits. Additionally, in connection with
             such agreement, the Company granted Mr. Gallantar options to
             purchase an aggregate of 4,547,880 shares of the Company's common
             stock. Such options have a term of ten years and have an exercise
             price of $0.24255 per share. 1,515,960 options vest on each of the
             first, second and third anniversary dates of this employment
             agreement.

             The fair value of these options was estimated to be $376,126
             ($0.0827 per option share) based upon a financial analysis of the
             terms of the options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the
             following assumptions: expected volatility of 20%; a risk free
             interest rate of 6% and an expected life of ten years. The Company
             is recognizing the $376,126 fair value of the options as
             compensation costs on a pro-forma basis over the three year service
             period (the term of the employment agreement). Performance bonuses
             for Mr. Gallantar's first two years in the amount of $25,000 each
             year have been charged to expense in the appropriate years in the
             accompanying consolidated financial statements.

         OTHER EMPLOYEES

             On January 3 and December 29, 2000, the Company issued to certain
             other employees stock options to acquire an aggregate of 430,000
             and 716,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.21
             and $0.33 per share, respectively. These options expire on January
             2, 2010 and December 29, 2010, respectively, and vest in 20%
             increments at the end of each year for five years.

             The fair value of the these options was estimated to be $42,342
             ($0.1721 per option share) and $117,893 ($0.2788 per option share),
             respectively, based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the
             options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following
             assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; a risk free interest rate
             of 6%; an expected life of ten years; and a


                                      F-34
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         OTHER EMPLOYEES (Continued)

             termination rate of 10%. The Company will recognize the fair value
             of the options as compensation costs on a pro-forma basis over a
             one year service period (the term of the employment agreements).

             Financial reporting of the Hirschman, Gallantar and other employee
             options has been prepared pursuant to the Company's policy of
             following APB No. 25, and related interpretations, in accounting
             for its employee stock options. Accordingly, the following pro
             forma financial information is presented to reflect amortization of
             the fair value of the options.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   AS REPORTED         PRO FORMA             AS
                                DECEMBER 31, 2001      ADJUSTMENT         ADJUSTED
                                -----------------    --------------    --------------
<S>                               <C>                <C>               <C>
          Net loss                $  (11,715,568)    $   (2,374,643)   $  (14,090,211)
                                  ==============     ==============    ==============

          Net loss per share      $        (0.03)    $        (0.01)   $        (0.04)
                                  ==============     ==============    ==============

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   AS REPORTED          PRO FORMA            AS
                                DECEMBER 31, 2000       ADJUSTMENT        ADJUSTED
                                -----------------    --------------    --------------
<S>                               <C>                <C>               <C>
          Net loss                $   (9,354,664)    $   (1,799,827)   $  (11,154,491)
                                  ==============     ==============    ==============

          Net loss per share      $        (0.03)    $        (0.00)   $        (0.03)
                                  ==============     ==============    ==============

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   AS REPORTED          PRO FORMA            AS
                                DECEMBER 31, 1999       ADJUSTMENT        ADJUSTED
                                -----------------    --------------    --------------
<S>                               <C>                <C>               <C>
          Net loss                $   (6,174,262)    $      (31,344)   $   (6,205,606)
                                  ==============     ==============    ==============

          Net loss per share      $        (0.02)    $        (0.00)   $        (0.02)
                                  ==============     ==============    ==============

</TABLE>

             There were no other options outstanding that would require pro
             forma presentation.

         COHEN AGREEMENTS

             In September 1992, the Company entered into a one year consulting
             agreement with Leonard Cohen (the "September 1992 Cohen
             Agreement"). The September 1992 Cohen Agreement required that Mr.
             Cohen provide certain consulting services to the Company in
             exchange for the Company's issuing to Mr. Cohen 1,000,000 shares of
             common stock (the "September 1992 Cohen Shares"), 500,000 of which
             were issuable upon execution of the September 1992 Cohen Agreement
             and the remaining 500,000 shares of which were issuable upon Mr.
             Cohen


                                      F-35
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         COHEN AGREEMENTS (Continued)

             completing 50 hours of consulting service to the Company. The
             Company issued the first 500,000 shares to Mr. Cohen in October
             1992 and the remaining 500,000 shares to Mr. Cohen in February
             1993. Further pursuant to the September 1992 Cohen Agreement, the
             Company granted to Mr. Cohen the option to acquire, at any time and
             from time to time through September 10, 1993 (which date has been
             extended through June 30, 2000), the option to acquire 3,000,000
             shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $0.09
             per share (which exercise price has been increased to $0.16 per
             share) (the "September 1992 Cohen Options"). The fair value of
             these options was estimated to be $59,030 ($0.0347 per option
             share) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the options
             using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following
             assumptions: expected volatility of 20%; risk free interest rate of
             6%. This amount has been charged to compensation expense at
             December 31, 1999 as it related to services previously provided.
             Effective July 1, 2000, these options were extended to December 31,
             2000 at an exercise price of $0.17 per share. As a result of the
             modification of the option terms, the fair value of these options
             was estimated to be $55,023 ($0.2751 per option share) based on a
             financial analysis of the terms of the options using the
             Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
             expected volatility of 50%; risk free interest rate of 6%. This
             amount has been charged to compensation expense related to
             modification of existing option terms during the year ended
             December 31, 2000. Effective December 31, 2000, these options were
             extended to December 31, 2001 at an exercise price of $0.19 per
             share. As a result of the modification of the option terms, the
             fair value of these options was estimated to be $17,311 ($0.1731
             per option share) based on a financial analysis of the terms of the
             options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following
             assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; risk free interest rate of
             6%. This amount has been charged to compensation expense related to
             modification of existing option terms during the year ended
             December 31, 2000. Effective December 31, 2001, these options were
             further extended to June 30, 2002 at an exercise price of $0.20. As
             a result of this modification of the option terms, the fair value
             of the options was estimated to be $8,912 based on a financial
             analysis of the terms of the options using the Black-Scholes
             Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected volatility
             of 80%; risk free interest rate of 5%. This amount bas been charged
             to compensation expense related to the modification of existing
             option terms during the year ended December 31, 2001. As of
             December 31, 2001, 2,900,000 of the September 1992 Cohen Options
             have been exercised for cash consideration of $403,000.

             In February 1993, the Company entered into a second consulting
             agreement with Mr. Cohen (the "February 1993 Cohen Agreement") for
             a three year term commencing on March 1, 1993. The February 1993
             Cohen Agreement provides that Mr. Cohen provide financing business
             consulting services concerning the operations of the business of
             the Company and possible strategic transactions in exchange for the
             Company issuing to Mr. Cohen 3,500,000 shares of common stock (the
             "February 1993 Cohen Shares"), 1,500,000 shares of which Mr. Cohen
             has informed the Company he has assigned to certain other persons
             not affiliated with the Company or any of its officers or
             directors.


                                      F-36
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         COHEN AGREEMENTS (Continued)

             In July 1994, in consideration for services related to the
             introduction, negotiation and execution of a distribution
             agreement, the Company issued: (i) to Mr. Cohen, an additional
             2,500,000 shares (the "April 1994 Cohen Shares") and (ii) to each
             of Elliot Bauer and Lee Rizzuto, 625,000 shares (the "Bauer and
             Rizzuto Shares") as well as options to acquire an additional
             5,000,000 shares each at $0.10 per share exercisable through May 1,
             1996 (the "Bauer and Rizzuto Options"). Pursuant to several
             amendments, the remaining Bauer options were exercisable through
             June 30, 2000 at an option price of $0.14. The fair value of these
             options was estimated to be $116,101 ($0.0541 per option share)
             based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the options using
             the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
             expected volatility of 20%; risk free interest rate of 6%. This
             amount has been charged to compensation expense at December 31,
             1999 as it related to services previously provided. Effective July
             1, 2000, these options were extended to December 31, 2000 at an
             exercise price of $0.16 per share. As a result of the modification
             of the option terms, the fair value of these options was estimated
             to be $953,885 ($0.2848 per option share) based on a financial
             analysis of the terms of the options using the Black-Scholes
             Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected volatility
             of 50%; risk free interest rate of 6%. This amount has been charged
             to expense related to modification of existing option terms during
             the year ended December 31, 2000. Effective December 31, 2000,
             these options were extended to December 31, 2001 at an exercise
             price of $0.18 per share. As a result of the modification of the
             option terms, the fair value of these options was estimated to be
             $600,419 ($0.1793 per option share) based on a financial analysis
             of the terms of the options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
             with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; risk
             free interest rate of 6%. This amount has been charged to
             compensation expense related to modification of existing option
             terms during the year ended December 31, 2000. Effective December
             31, 2001, these options were further extended to June 30, 2002 at
             an exercise price of $0.19. As a result of this modification of the
             option terms, the fair value of the options was estimated to be
             $318,359 based on a financial analysis of the terms of the options
             using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following
             assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; risk free interest rate of
             5%. This amount bas been charged to compensation expense related to
             the modification of existing option terms during the year ended
             December 31, 2001. Through December 31, 2001, 6,650,500 shares were
             issued pursuant to the exercise of the Bauer and Rizzuto Options
             for an aggregate exercise price of $696,050.

         GLOBOMAX AGREEMENT

             On January 18, 1999, the Company entered into a consulting
             agreement with Globomax LLC to provide services at hourly rates
             established by the contract to the Company's Investigational New
             Drug application submission and to perform all work that is
             necessary to obtain FDA approval. In addition, GloboMax and its
             subcontractors are assisting the Company in conducting Phase I
             clinical trials for Product R. The contract was extended by



                                      F-37
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

         GLOBOMAX AGREEMENT (Continued)

             mutual consent of both parties. The Company has paid approximately
             $4,127,000 for services rendered and reimbursement of expenses by
             GloboMax and its subcontractors through December 31, 2001.

         HARBOR VIEW AGREEMENT

             On February 7, 2000, the Company entered into a consulting
             agreement with Harbor View Group, Inc. for past and future
             consulting services related to corporate structures, financial
             transactions, financial public relations and other matters through
             December 31, 2000.

             In connection with this agreement, the Company issued warrants to
             purchase 1,750,000 shares at an exercise price of $0.21 per share
             and warrants to purchase 1,750,000 shares at an exercise price of
             $0.26 per share until February 28, 2005. The fair value of the
             warrants was estimated to be $200,249 ($0.057 per warrant) based
             upon a financial analysis of the terms of the warrants using the
             Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
             expected volatility of 90%; a risk free interest rate of 6% and an
             expected holding period of eleven months (the term of the
             consulting agreement). This amount has been amortized to consulting
             expense during the year ended December 31, 2000.

         DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENTS

         The Company currently is a party to separate agreements with four
         different entities, whereby the Company has granted exclusive rights to
         distribute Product R in the countries of Canada, China, Japan, Macao,
         Hong Kong, Taiwan, Mexico, Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay,
         Brazil and Chile. Pursuant to these agreements, distributors are
         obligated to cause Product R to be approved for commercial sale in such
         countries and, upon such approval, to purchase from the Company certain
         minimum quantities of Product R to maintain the exclusive distribution
         rights. Leonard Cohen, a former consultant to the Company, has informed
         the Company that he is an affiliate of two of these entities. To date,
         the Company has recorded revenue classified as other income for the
         sale of territorial rights under the distribution agreements. The
         Company has made no sales under the distribution agreements other than
         for testing purposes.

         CONSTRUCTION COMMITMENT

         In November 1999, the Company entered into an agreement with an
         unaffiliated third party to construct leasehold improvements at an
         approximate cost of $380,000 for research and development purposes at
         the Company's Yonkers, New York facilities which has been completed as
         of June 30, 2001. In October 2000, the Company entered into another
         agreement with the unaffiliated third party to construct additional
         leasehold improvements at an approximate cost of $325,000 for research
         and development purposes at the Company's Yonkers, New York facilities,
         of which the entire amount has been incurred as of December 31, 2001.


                                      F-38
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         SOFTWARE ACQUISITION

         During 2001, the Company contracted with a software vendor at a cost of
         approximately $500,000 to acquire and install an SAP system for
         accounting, administrative and production control. As of December 31,
         2001, the entire cost has been incurred and has been capitalized as an
         additional element of cost of the computer equipment.

         STATUS OF FDA FILINGS

         On July 30, 2001, the Company submitted an Investigational New Drug
         (IND) application to the United States Food and Drug Administration
         (FDA) to begin Phase I clinical trials of Product R as a topical
         treatment for genital warts caused by human papilloma virus (HPV)
         infection. In September 2001, the FDA cleared the Company's IND
         application for Product R to begin Phase I clinical trials. The Company
         has commenced these clinical trials. The Phase I initial trials are
         placebo controlled, open label, dose escalation safety studies in
         healthy volunteers. These studies are being conducted in the United
         States under the supervision of GloboMax, LLC. Upon successful
         completion of Phase I studies, the Company expects to initiate Phase II
         trials to investigate the efficacy and dosages of Product R in the
         topical treatment of genital warts. Phase III trials are pivotal
         clinical investigations designed to establish the efficacy and safety
         of Product R.

         LEASES

         CAPITAL LEASES

             During 1998, the Company entered into a purchase lease agreement
             for equipment totaling $222,318. The lease calls for monthly
             payments of $4,529 for 60 months commencing on September 1998 and
             expiring on July 2003. During 1999, the Company entered into a
             purchase lease agreement for equipment totaling $38,645. The lease
             calls for monthly payments of $965 for 48 months commencing in
             August 1999 and expiring in July 2003. Additionally, during 2000,
             the Company entered into a purchase lease agreement for equipment
             totaling $13,197. The lease calls for monthly payments of $447 for
             36 months commencing in January 2001 and expiring in December 2003.

             Future minimum capital lease payments and the net present value of
             the future minimum lease payments at December 31, 2001 are as
             follows:

              Year ending December 31:

                 2002                                                $ 71,292
                 2003                                                  43,822
                                                                     --------
               Total minimum lease payments                           115,114
               Less amount representing interest                        8,547
                                                                     --------
               Net present value of future minimum lease payments     106,567
               Less current maturities                                 64,197
                                                                     --------
                                                                     $ 42,370
                                                                     ========

                                      F-39
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         LEASES (Continued)

         OPERATING LEASES

             Management executed a non-cancelable lease for new office space in
             Florida on January 1, 1996, expiring on December 31, 1999 at
             approximately $17,000 annually. The Company has three options to
             renew for an additional one year per option. Management has
             exercised its second option for the year 2001. Effective December
             2001, the Company closed its Florida office.

             On December 30, 1998, the Company executed an amendment to its
             existing lease dated April 1997 for the laboratory facilities in
             Yonkers, New York. The lease on the additional space is effective
             May 1, 1999. The new lease adds 10,550 square feet (for a total of
             16,650 square feet) and extends its term until April 2005. Annual
             rent on the original lease is approximately $85,000. Rent for the
             additional facilities is approximately $175,000. Total rental
             commitment for the Yonkers facilities will be $260,000 until May 1,
             2002 at which time it will increase to approximately $290,000.

             The Company leased an automobile in November 1999 for 36 months at
             $711 per month expiring in November 2002.

             Total lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and
             1999 amounted to $263,609, $296,064 and $191,974, respectively.

             Future minimum lease commitments as of December 31, 2001 are as
             follows:

              Year ending December 31:

                 2002                               $  288,000
                 2003                                  290,000
                 2004                                  290,000
                 2005                                  290,000
                                                    ----------
                    Total                           $1,158,000
                                                    ==========

NOTE 9.  SEVERANCE AGREEMENTS

         On December 3, 2001, William Bregman, Bernard Friedland and Louis
         Silver resigned as officers and directors of the Company upon the term
         and conditions of separate severance agreements. The resignations were
         not due to any disagreement with the Company or any matter relating to
         the Company's operations, policies or practices.

         In connection with their resignation, the Company paid $150,000 to each
         of Messrs. Bregman and Friedland and $2,500 to Mr. Silver. In
         connection with the severance agreements, the Company obtained a loan
         in the amount of $200,000 from the Company's Chief Financial Officer,
         as evidenced by a demand promissory note dated December 14, 2001. The
         note was repaid in full on December 17, 2001.



                                      F-40
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 10. LITIGATION

         In June 2000, the Company filed an action and complaint in the Supreme
         Court of New York, Westchester County, against Commonwealth
         Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. ("Commonwealth"), Immune Modulation Maximum Corp.
         ("IMMC") and Charles E. Miller (collectively, the "Defendants")
         alleging a breach by Commonwealth of an exclusive distribution
         agreement between the Company and Commonwealth, misappropriation of
         trade secrets and confidential information, conversion and conspiracy
         to convert the Company's property interests in Reticulose(R). The
         agreement, which the Company alleges in its complaint is currently in
         force and effect, provides that: (i) all laboratory or clinical studies
         initiated by Commonwealth for which Reticulose(R) is provided for free
         must first be approved by the Company; (ii) the results of all studies,
         all research data and documentation and any research publications
         resulting from studies initiated by Commonwealth or any of its agents
         will belong to the Company and will be made use of at the Company's
         discretion; and (iii) such studies are only permitted as part of such
         agreement. In its complaint, the Company alleged that Defendant Miller
         filed and obtained a U.S. patent entitled "Composition Containing
         Peptides and Nucleic Acids and Methods of Making Same" (the "1996
         Patent") based on a study conducted by a third party using
         Reticulose(R) obtained free of charge from the Company, and that such
         patent was assigned to Defendant IMMC, a company controlled by
         Defendant Miller, in violation of the exclusive distribution agreement.

         In its complaint, the Company seeks relief in the form of (i)
         assignment of the patent to the Company; (ii) adjudgment that
         Defendants breached, misappropriated, converted and conspired to
         convert the Company's property rights; (iii) damages, profits realized
         and interest thereon; and (iv) attorneys' fees, costs and expenses. In
         response, on August 3, 2000, Defendants filed a Motion to Dismiss the
         Complaint alleging lack of personal jurisdiction or, in the
         alternative, that the agreement underlying the Company's claim is
         legally inoperative.

         In August 2000, Commonwealth and IMMC filed a suit against the Company
         in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
         Michigan which alleged that IMMC, and not the Company, was the owner of
         the exclusive/broad rights in Reticulose(R), and sought, among other
         things, (i) a declaratory judgment that Defendant IMMC was the
         exclusive owner of the broad/exclusive rights to Reticulose(R) and the
         subject patent; (ii) an injunction against the Company from further
         attempts to use, market or assert any claims of ownership over any
         broad/exclusive rights in Reticulose(R), or the use, publication or
         disclosure of information regarding Reticulose(R); (iii) return of such
         information to IMMC; (iv) that the Company assign any
         Reticulose(R)-related trademarks to IMMC; and (v) that the Company pay
         Plaintiffs of this case damages, profits, costs and attorneys' fees.
         The Company was served with the Complaint on August 8, 2000.

         In January 2001, the Company and Commonwealth, et al., agreed to
         dismiss the case in New York without prejudice. In July 2001, the
         Company filed a Motion for Summary Judgment seeking dismissal of the
         Defendants' claim of exclusive ownership of Reticulose(R) and grant of
         such exclusive ownership to the Company.


                                      F-41
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 10. LITIGATION (Continued)

         On November 8, 2001, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District
         of Michigan dismissed with prejudice all of the claims of the
         Defendants. In connection with its dismissal order, the U.S. District
         Court further held that the Company is the exclusive owner of all
         Reticulose(R) technology. In connection with the Company's
         counterclaims against the Defendants, on March 20, 2002, the Company
         and the Defendants entered into a Settlement Agreement in settlement of
         the Company's claims against Defendants. The Settlement Agreement was
         entered as part of the final judgment of the District Court on March
         25, 2002, and all remaining claims were dismissed. The Settlement
         Agreement provided, among other things, that:

          (i)  the Defendants acknowledged that the Company is the sole and
               rightful owner of all rights, title and interests for the United
               States and throughout the world in and to the Reticulose(R)
               trademark and all Reticulose(R) technology;

          (ii) the Defendants sold, assigned and transferred, jointly and
               severally, to the Company, its successors and assigns, all their
               claims, rights, title and interests for the United States and
               throughout the world in and to Reticulose(R), the Reticulose(R)
               trademark, the Reticulose(R) technology, any modifications,
               improvements or derivations thereto, and all related patents,
               inventions, discoveries, currently pending patent applications
               and any patents, discoveries and inventions resulting therefrom
               or described therein, free and clear from any encumbrance
               whatsoever;

         (iii) the Company granted to IMMC a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
               royalty-free license to make, use and sell products coming within
               the scope of the patents transferred by the Defendants to the
               Company, but only to the extent such products are in the form of
               oral dietary supplements which were already being sold on IMMC's
               then current website;

          (iv) Defendants agreed to indemnify, hold harmless and reimburse the
               Company from and for any and all liabilities arising from the
               manufacture, distribution, marketing, sale or use of any of
               IMMC's products; and

          (v)  the Defendants agreed not to advertise or publicize that there is
               any connection between any of Defendants' products and the
               Company, its predecessors or Reticulose(R), nor will it copy,
               distribute or publicize, orally or otherwise, any data obtained
               by or produced on behalf of the Company or any of its
               predecessors relating to Reticulose(R) or any other product of
               the Company as if the data were developed by or for Defendants or
               was derived from product of any of the Defendants, and such data
               shall be returned to the Company to the extent it is in the
               possession of the Defendants.

NOTE 11. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

         During 2000, the Company issued 76,742,583 shares of common stock for
         an aggregate consideration of $16,564,500. The amounts were comprised
         of the issuance of 31,861,674 shares of common stock for cash of
         $9,806,000, issuance of 5,158,500 shares common stock



                                      F-42
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 11. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Continued)

         pursuant to the exercise of options for $982,000, issuance of 1,186,593
         shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of warrants for
         $154,000, issuance of common stock upon conversion of debt of
         38,435,816 shares for $5,576,000 and issuance of 100,000 shares of
         common stock in exchange for services for $46,500.

         During 2001, the Company issued 23,082,245 shares of common stock for
         an aggregate consideration of $5,895,491. The amounts were comprised of
         the issuance of 22,845,834 shares of common stock for cash of
         $5,765,000, issuance of 60,000 shares common stock pursuant to the
         exercise of options for $18,000, issuance of 76,411 shares of common
         stock pursuant to the cashless exercise of warrants for $77,491 and
         issuance of 100,000 shares of common stock in exchange for services for
         $35,000.

NOTE 12. INCOME TAXES

         The Company accounts for income taxes under the provisions of
         Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109, ACCOUNTING
         FOR INCOME TAXES. SFAS No. 109 is an asset and liability approach for
         computing deferred income taxes.

         As of December 31, 2001 and 2000, the Company had net operating loss
         carryforwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes amounting to
         approximately $34,500,000 and $21,000,000, which expire in varying
         amounts to 2020.

         The Company presently has temporary differences between financial
         reporting and income tax reporting relating to the amortization of
         warrant costs, compensation expense for the extension of options,
         depreciation and patent costs.

         The components of the deferred tax asset as of December 31, 2001 and
2000 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     2001            2000
                                                                -----------      ----------
<S>                                                             <C>              <C>
               Benefit of net operating loss carryforwards      $11,730,000      $7,174,000
               Less valuation allowance                          11,730,000       7,174,000
                                                                -----------      ----------
               Net deferred tax asset                           $        --      $       --
                                                                ===========      ==========
</TABLE>


         As of December 31, 2001 and 2000, sufficient uncertainty exists
         regarding the realizability of these operating loss carryforwards and,
         accordingly, a 100% valuation allowance has been established regarding
         these deferred tax assets.

         In accordance with certain provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, a
         change in ownership of greater than 50% of a corporation within a three
         year period will place an annual limitation on the corporation's
         ability to utilize its existing tax benefit carryforwards. The
         Company's utilization of its tax benefit carryforwards may be further
         restricted in the event of future changes



                                      F-43
<PAGE>
                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


NOTE 12. INCOME TAXES (Continued)

         in the ownership of the Company from the exercise of options and
         warrants or other future issuances of common stock.

NOTE 13. 401(K) PLAN

         In December 1999, the Company adopted a 401(K) plan that allows
         eligible employees to contribute up to 20% of their salary, subject to
         annual limits imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company
         matches 50% of the first 6% of the employee contributions in our stock
         and may, at our discretion, make additional contributions based upon
         earnings. In March 2001, the Company funded the plan with approximately
         $24,000 to enable the plan to purchase shares of the Company's common
         stock on the open market in order to contribute the employer match for
         the year ended December 31, 2000. As of March 22, 2002, the Company has
         not funded its matching contribution of approximately $33,000 for the
         year ended December 31, 2001.







                                      F-44

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
