<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>g86477e10vkza.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH FORM 10-K/A#2 12/31/02
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K/A
                                 AMENDMENT NO. 2

                                [X] ANNUAL REPORT
     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                            For the Fiscal Year Ended
                                DECEMBER 31, 2002

                                       OR

                              [ ] TRANSITION REPORT

 Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 [no fee
                                    required]

                        Commission File Number 33-2262-A

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          -----------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

            Delaware                                  59-2646820
            --------                                  ----------
 (State or other jurisdiction of                   (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                  Identification Number)

200 Corporate Boulevard South, Yonkers, New York                  10701
------------------------------------------------                  -----
     Address of principal executive offices)                    Zip Code

                                 (914) 376-7383
                                 --------------
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

       Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None
       Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. Yes [X] No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [ ] No [X]

The estimated aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity
held by nonaffiliates of the registrant as of June 28, 2002, was approximately
$75.3 million.

As of March 28, 2003, the Registrant had 472,792,609 shares of Common Stock
outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None.

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                                   FORM 10-K/A

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002

                                EXPLANATORY NOTE

Advanced Viral Research Corp. is filing this Amendment No. 2 to Annual Report
on Form 10-K/A to amend its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2002, as amended by Amendment No. 1 filed on December 19,
2003 to amend Item 15 "Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on
Form 8-K" of Part IV of Amendment No. 1.
<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                                      <C>
PART I.............................................................................................................       1
   ITEM 1.        BUSINESS.........................................................................................       1
   ITEM 2.        DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY..........................................................................      10
   ITEM 3.        LEGAL PROCEEDINGS................................................................................      10
   ITEM 4.        SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS..............................................      11

PART II............................................................................................................      11
   ITEM 5.        MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS............................      11
   ITEM 6.        SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA..........................................................................      12
   ITEM 7.        MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS............      14
   ITEM 7A.       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK........................................      21
   ITEM 8.        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA......................................................      21
   ITEM 9.        CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.............      21

PART III...........................................................................................................      22
   ITEM 10.       DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT...............................................      22
   ITEM 11.       EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION...........................................................................      23
   ITEM 12.       SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS...      29
   ITEM 13.       CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS...................................................      30
   ITEM 14.       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES..........................................................................      30

PART IV............................................................................................................      31
   ITEM 15.       EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K..................................      31
   ITEM 16.       PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES...........................................................      34

SIGNATURES.........................................................................................................      36
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                           FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

         Advanced Viral cautions readers that some of the information in this
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal
securities laws. For this purpose, any statements contained in this report that
are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements typically are identified by use of terms
like "may," "will," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate", "believe", "intend",
"could", "would" and similar words, although some forward-looking statements are
expressed differently. You should be aware that our actual results could differ
materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements due to a
number of factors, including our limited operating history and substantial
operating losses, availability of capital resources, ability to effectively
compete, economic conditions, unanticipated difficulties in pharmaceutical
research and development, ability to continue research and development, ability
to gain governmental approvals, uncertainty relating to timing of governmental
approval process, dependence on equity and debt financing for continued
operations, dependence on third party distributors and consultants, dependence
on our key personnel, ability to protect our intellectual property and the
impact of future government regulation on our business. You should also consider
carefully the risks described in this report or detailed from time to time in
our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").

<PAGE>

         As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms "we," "us,"
"our," and "Advanced Viral" mean Advanced Viral Research Corp. and its
subsidiaries (unless the context indicates a different meaning).

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.           BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

         Advanced Viral Research Corp. was formed in July 1985 to engage in the
production and marketing, promotion and sale of a pharmaceutical drug known by
the trademark Reticulose(R). The current formulation of Reticulose is currently
known as "Product R." We believe Product R may be employed in the treatment of
certain viral and autoimmune diseases such as:

         -   Human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV, including acquired immune
             deficiency syndrome, or AIDS;

         -   Human papilloma virus, or HPV, which causes genital warts and may
             lead to cervical cancer;

         -   Cachexia (body wasting) in patients with solid cancers, leukemias
             and lymphomas; and

         -   Rheumatoid arthritis.

         Since 1962, when Reticulose(R) was reclassified as a "new drug" by the
Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, the FDA has not permitted Reticulose(R) to
be marketed in the United States. A forfeiture action was instituted in 1962 by
the FDA against Reticulose(R), and it was withdrawn from the United States
market. The injunction obtained by the FDA prohibits, among other things, any
shipment of Product R until a new drug application, or NDA, is approved by the
FDA. FDA approval of an NDA first requires clinical testing of Product R in
human trials, which cannot be conducted until we first satisfy the regulatory
protocols and the substantial pre-approval requirements imposed by the FDA upon
the introduction of any new or unapproved drug product pursuant to an
investigational new drug application, or IND.

         Our operations over the last five years have been limited principally
to research, testing and analysis of Product R in the United States, either in
vitro (outside the living body in an artificial environment, such as in a test
tube), or on animals, and engaging others to perform testing and analysis of
Product R on human patients both inside and outside the United States. On July
30, 2001, we submitted an IND application to the FDA to begin Phase 1 clinical
trials of Product R as a topical treatment for genital warts caused by the human
papilloma virus (HPV) infection. In September 2001, the FDA cleared the IND
application to begin Phase 1 clinical trials. Our Phase 1 study was performed in
the United States on human volunteers. In March 2002, we completed the Phase 1
trial and submitted to the FDA the results, which indicated that Product R was
safe and well tolerated dermatologically in all the doses applied in the study.
Currently, we do not have sufficient funds available to pursue the Phase 2
clinical trials of Product R as a topical treatment for genital warts caused by
HPV infection.

         In June 2002 the Israeli Ministry of Health approved the testing of
Product R in the following clinical trials using injectable Product R, which
began during November 2002:

             -   Phase I/Phase II Study in Cachectic Patients Needing Salvage
                 Therapy for AIDS. These patients have failed highly active
                 anti-retroviral therapy (HAART), remain on HAART, and require
                 salvage therapy. We believe that Product R may have three major
                 beneficial effects in patients with AIDS:

                      -   First, its therapeutic effects on body wasting
                          (cachexia) seen in patients with AIDS;

                      -   Second, the mitigation of the toxicity of drugs
                          included in HAART regimens for the treatment of AIDS;

                      -   Third, the synergistic activity with drugs used in
                          HAART regimens to suppress the replication of HIV and
                          increase the CD4 and CD8 cell counts in patients with
                          AIDS.

                                       1

<PAGE>

                          Thus, we believe that Product R may prove to be an
                          important "enabler" drug in the treatment of AIDS.

                      -   Phase I Study in Cachectic Patients with Leukemia and
                          Lymphoma. Included are patients with acute lymphocytic
                          leukemia, multiple Myeloma, Hodgkin's disease and
                          non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.

                      -   Phase I Study in Cachectic Patients with Solid Tumors.
                          Included are patients with solid tumors such as
                          colonic, lung, breast, stomach and kidney cancers.

         Our objective for the three Israeli trials is to determine the safety,
tolerance and metabolic characteristics of Product R. Although there can be no
assurances, we anticipate that the clinical trials in Israel will help
facilitate the planned investigational new drug (IND) application process for
injectable Product R with the FDA.

         In April 2001, we formalized a 12 month agreement with Selikoff Center
in Israel to develop clinical trials in Israel using Product R. It is
anticipated that these trials will support future FDA applications. As of
December 31, 2002, we paid $242,000 for such research.

         In September 2002, we entered into a contract with EnviroGene LLC, an
affiliate of the Selikoff Center, to conduct, evaluate and maintain the
scientific quality for the 3 clinical studies listed above. Under the terms of
this agreement, EnviroGene will (1) finalize all Israeli government and hospital
approval documents, (2) complete and organize the 3 clinical trials including
establishing a network of scientists to perform said study/trial and initiate
recruitment of patients and (3) perform the studies/trials and evaluate the
results. Total costs incurred by EnviroGene LLC in connection with these
clinical trials are expected to be $1,551,000, of which $625,000 has been paid
through December 31, 2002.

         In the fourth quarter of 2002, we entered into various agreements
supporting the clinical trials in Israel aggregating approximately $1,000,000 to
be paid over a twelve-month period. These services include the monitoring and
auditing of the clinical sites, hospital support and laboratory testing.

         In March 2003, we commenced discussions and began to draft protocols to
expand the ongoing Israeli clinical trials of Product R for the treatment of
AIDS patients (who have failed HAART and remain on HAART therapy) into late
Phase II blinded, controlled clinical trials.

         On July 8, 2002, we extended an agreement with the Weizmann Institute
of Science and Yeda its developmental arm in Israel, to conduct research on the
effects of Product R on the immune system, especially on T lymphocytes. In
addition, scientists will explore the effects of Product R in animal models.
Under its provisions the study period is extended for another twelve months to
July 7, 2003. Total costs incurred in connection with this research are expected
to be $138,000, of which payments of $40,000 were made in July 2002 and November
2002.

         Whether we will be able to proceed with clinical trials in Israel for
injectable Product R is dependent upon our ability to secure sufficient funds.
If sufficient funds do not become available, we will have to curtail our
operations by, among other things, limiting our clinical trials for Product R.
We may not be able to raise the funds we currently need to continue or complete
the clinical trials for injectable Product R in Israel. While we continue to
attempt to secure funds through the sale of our securities, there is no
assurance that such funds will be raised on favorable terms, if at all.

         Our offices are located at 200 Corporate Boulevard South, Yonkers, New
York 10701. Our telephone number in Yonkers, New York is (914) 376-7383. We have
also established a website: www.adviral.com. Information contained on our
website is not a part of this report.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

         The FDA imposes substantial requirements upon and conditions precedent
to the introduction of therapeutic drug products, such as Product R, through
lengthy and detailed laboratory and clinical testing procedures, sampling
activities and other costly and time consuming procedures to demonstrate that
such products are both safe and effective in treating the indications for which
approval is sought. After testing in animals, an Investigational New Drug, or
IND, application must be filed with the FDA to obtain authorization for human
testing. When the clinical testing has been completed and analyzed, final
manufacturing processes and procedures are in place, and certain other required

                                       2

<PAGE>

information is available to the manufacturer, a manufacturer may submit a new
drug application, or NDA, to the FDA. No action can be taken to market Product
R, or any therapeutic drug product, in the United States until an NDA has been
approved by the FDA.

         The IND process in the United States is governed by regulations
established by the FDA which strictly control the use and distribution of
investigational drugs in the United States. The guidelines require that an
application contain sufficient information to justify administering the drug to
humans, that the application include relevant information on the chemistry,
pharmacology and toxicology of the drug derived from chemical, laboratory and
animal or in vitro testing, and that a protocol be provided for the initial
study of the new drug to be conducted on humans.

         In order to conduct a clinical trial of a new drug in humans, a sponsor
must prepare and submit to the FDA a comprehensive IND. The focal point of the
IND is a description of the overall plan for investigating the drug product and
a comprehensive protocol for each planned study. The plan is carried out in
three phases: Phase 1 clinical trials, which involve the administration of the
drug to a small number of healthy subjects to determine safety, tolerance,
absorption and metabolism characteristics; Phase 2 clinical trials, which
involve the administration of the drug to a limited number of patients for a
specific disease to determine dose response, efficacy and safety; and Phase 3
clinical trials, which involve the study of the drug to gain confirmatory
evidence of efficacy and safety from a wide base of investigators and patients.

         An investigator's brochure must be included in the IND and the IND must
commit the sponsor to obtain initial and continual review and approval of the
clinical investigation. A section describing the composition, manufacture and
control of the drug substance and the drug product is included in the IND.
Sufficient information is required to be submitted to assure the proper
identification, quality, purity and strength of the investigational drug. A
description of the drug substance, including its physical, chemical, and
biological characteristics, must also be included in the IND. The general method
of preparation of the drug substance must be included. A list of all components
including inactive ingredients must also be submitted. There must be adequate
information about pharmacological and toxicological studies of the drug
involving laboratory animals or in vitro tests on the basis of which the sponsor
has concluded that it is reasonably safe to conduct the proposed clinical
investigation. Where there has been widespread use of the drug outside of the
United States or otherwise, it is possible in some limited circumstances to use
well documented clinical experience as a substitute for other pre-clinical work.

         After the FDA approves the IND, the investigation is permitted to
proceed, during which the sponsor must keep the FDA informed of new studies,
including animal studies, make progress reports on the study or studies covered
by the IND, and also be responsible for alerting FDA and clinical investigators
immediately of unforeseen serious side effects or injuries.

         When all clinical testing has been completed and analyzed, final
manufacturing processes and procedures are in place, and certain other required
information is available to the manufacturer, a manufacturer may submit an NDA
to the FDA. An NDA must be approved by the FDA covering the drug before its
manufacturer can commence commercial distribution of the drug. The NDA contains
a section describing the clinical investigations of the drug which section
includes, among other things, the following: a description and analysis of each
clinical pharmacology study of the drug; a description and analysis of each
controlled clinical study pertinent to a proposed use of the drug; a description
of each uncontrolled clinical study including a summary of the results and a
brief statement explaining why the study is classified as uncontrolled; and a
description and analysis of any other data or information relevant to an
evaluation of the safety and effectiveness of the drug product obtained or
otherwise received by the applicant from any source foreign or domestic. The NDA
also includes an integrated summary of all available information about the
safety of the drug product including pertinent animal and other laboratory data,
demonstrated or potential adverse effects of the drug, including clinically
significant potential adverse effects of administration of the drug
contemporaneously with the administration of other drugs and other related
drugs. A section is included describing the statistical controlled clinical
study and the documentation and supporting statistical analysis used in
evaluating the controlled clinical studies.

         Another section of the NDA describes the data concerning the action of
a drug in the human body over a period of time and data concerning the extent of
drug absorption in the human body or information supporting a waiver of the
submission of such data. Also included in the NDA is a section describing the
composition, manufacture and specification of the drug substance including the
following: a full description of the drug substance, its physical and chemical
characteristics; its stability; the process controls used during manufacture and
packaging; and such specifications and analytical methods as are necessary to
assure the identity, strength, quality and purity of the drug

                                       3

<PAGE>

substance as well as the availability of the drug products made from the
substance. NDA's contain lists of all components used in the manufacture of the
drug product and a statement of the specifications and analytical methods for
each component. Also included are studies of the toxicological actions of the
drug as they relate to the drug's intended uses.

         The data in the NDA must establish that the drug has been shown to be
safe for use under its proposed labeling conditions and that there is
substantial evidence that the drug is effective for its proposed use(s).
Substantial evidence is defined by statute and FDA regulation to mean evidence
consisting of adequate and well-controlled investigations, including clinical
investigations by experts qualified by scientific training and experience, to
evaluate the effectiveness of the drug involved.

         In February 1998, we contracted with GloboMax LLC to advise and assist
us in our preparation of the IND that was filed with the FDA in July 2001 and
cleared for Phase 1 trials in September 2001, and to otherwise guide us through
the FDA process. During 2001 and 2002, GloboMax continued its project management
services for the pre-clinical development and IND submission of Product R to the
FDA, the development of standard operating procedures and validation protocol
for the preparation and manufacture of Product R. Expenses paid during 2001 and
2002 relating to the GloboMax agreement were approximately $3,587,000. Pursuant
to the agreement with GloboMax, we are obligated to pay for services on an
hourly basis, at prescribed rates.

         It is possible that the clinical tests of Product R on humans will not
be approved by the FDA for human clinical trials on HPV or other diseases, and
that any tests previously conducted or to be conducted will not satisfy FDA
requirements. It is also possible that the results of such human clinical
trials, if performed, will not prove that Product R is safe or effective in the
treatment of HPV or other diseases, or that the FDA will not approve the sale of
Product R in the United States if we submitted a proper NDA. It is not known at
this time how extensive the Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials will be, if they
are conducted. The data generated may not show that the drug Product R is safe
and effective, and even if the data shows that Product R is safe and effective,
obtaining approval of the NDA could take years and require financing of amounts
not presently available to us.

         In connection with our activities outside the United States, we are
also subject to regulatory requirements governing the testing, approval,
manufacture, labeling, marketing and sale of pharmaceutical and diagnostic
products, which requirements vary from country to country. Government regulation
in certain countries may delay marketing of Product R for a considerable period
of time and impose costly procedures upon our activities. The extent of
potentially adverse government regulations which might arise from future
legislation or administrative action cannot be predicted. Whether or not FDA
approval has been obtained for a product, approval of the product by comparable
regulatory authorities of foreign countries must be obtained prior to marketing
the product in those countries. The approval process may be more or less
rigorous from country to country, and the time required for approval may be
longer or shorter than that required in the United States. Clinical studies
conducted outside of any country may not be accepted by such country, and the
approval of any pharmaceutical or diagnostic product in one country does not
assure that such product will be approved in another country. Accordingly, until
registration is granted, if ever, in the United States or another developed or
developing country, we do not expect that we will be able to generate material
sales revenue.

RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND TESTING

         For the period from inception (February 20, 1984) through December 31,
2002 we expended approximately $18,315,000 on testing and research and
development activities either in our laboratories or pursuant to various testing
agreements with both domestic and foreign companies. We currently are funding
research and testing at several institutes and medical centers in Israel to:

             -   determine the safety and efficacy of Product R on animals and
                 cultured human cells;

             -   determine the effectiveness of Product R in the treatment of
                 cachexia (body wasting) in patients with AIDS taking a
                 multi-drug cocktail (highly active anti-retroviral therapy
                 (HAART));

             -   determine the effectiveness of Product R in the treatment of
                 cachexia in patients with solid cancers;

             -   determine the effectiveness of Product R in the treatment of
                 cachexia in patients with leukemias and lymphomas;

                                       4

<PAGE>

             -   study the effects of Product R in mitigating the toxic effects
                 of other drugs used to treat HIV infections, such as nucleoside
                 analogues, protease inhibitors and non-nucleoside reverse
                 transcriptase inhibitors;

             -   study the effects of Product R in mitigating the toxic effects
                 of drugs used in the chemotherapy of cancers; and

             -   assess the direct inhibitory and therapeutic effects of Product
                 R on neoplasias, including lymphomas and lymphocytic leukemia.

         In June 2002 the Israeli Ministry of Health approved the testing of
Product R in the following clinical trials using injectable Product R, which
began during November 2002:

             -   Phase I/Phase II Study in Cachectic Patients Needing Salvage
                 Therapy for AIDS. These patients have failed highly active
                 anti-retroviral therapy (HAART), remain on HAART, and require
                 salvage therapy. We believe that Product R may have three major
                 beneficial effects in patients with AIDS:

                      -  First, its therapeutic effects on body wasting
                         (cachexia) seen in patients with AIDS:

                      -  Second, the mitigation of the toxicity of drugs
                         included in HAART regimens for the treatment of AIDS:

                      -  Third, the synergistic activity with drugs used in
                         HAART regimens to suppress the replication of HIV and
                         increase the CD4 and CD8 cell counts in patients with
                         AIDS:

                 Thus, we believe that Product R may prove to be an important
                 "enabler" drug in the treatment of AIDS.

             -   Phase I Study in Cachectic Patients with Leukemia and Lymphoma.
                 Included are patients with acute lymphocytic leukemia, multiple
                 Myeloma, Hodgkin's disease and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.

             -   Phase I Study in Cachectic Patients with Solid Tumors.
                 Included are patients with solid tumors such as colonic, lung,
                 breast, stomach and kidney cancers.

         Our objective for the three Israeli trials is to determine the safety,
tolerance and metabolic characteristics of Product R. Although there can be no
assurances, we anticipate that the clinical trials in Israel will help
facilitate the planned investigational new drug (IND) application process for
injectable Product R with the FDA.

         In April 2001, we formalized a 12 month agreement with Selikoff Center
in Israel to develop clinical trials in Israel using Product R. It is
anticipated that these trials will support future FDA applications. As of
December 31, 2002, we paid $242,000 for such research.

         In September 2002, we entered into a contract with EnviroGene LLC, an
affiliate of the Selikoff Center, to conduct, evaluate and maintain the
scientific quality for the 3 clinical studies listed above. Under the terms of
this agreement, EnviroGene will (1) finalize all Israeli government and hospital
approval documents, (2) complete and organize the 3 clinical trials including
establishing a network of scientists to perform said study/trial and initiate
recruitment of patients and (3) perform the studies/trials and evaluate the
results. Total costs incurred by EnviroGene LLC in connection with these
clinical trials are expected to be $1,551,000, of which $625,000 has been paid
through December 31, 2002.

         In the fourth quarter of 2002, we entered into various agreements
supporting the clinical trials in Israel aggregating approximately $1,000,000 to
be paid over a twelve-month period. These services include the monitoring and
auditing of the clinical sites, hospital support and laboratory testing.

         In March 2003, we commenced discussions and began to draft protocols to
expand the ongoing Israeli clinical trials of Product R for the treatment of
AIDS patients on (who have failed HAART and remain on HAART therapy) into late
Phase II blinded, controlled clinical trials.

                                       5

<PAGE>

         On July 8, 2002, we extended an agreement with the Weizmann Institute
of Science and Yeda its developmental arm in Israel, to conduct research on the
effects of Product R on the immune system, especially on T lymphocytes. In
addition, scientists will explore the effects of Product R in animal models.
Under its provisions the study period is extended for another twelve months to
July 7, 2003. Total costs incurred in connection with this research are expected
to be $138,000, of which payments of $40,000 were made in July 2002 and November
2002.

         Whether we will be able to proceed with Phase 2 clinical trials of
Product R for topical therapy of genital warts and clinical trials in Israel for
injectable Product R is dependent upon our ability to secure sufficient funds.
If sufficient funds do not become available, we will have to curtail our
operations by, among other things, limiting our clinical trials for Product R.
We may not be able to raise the funds we currently need to begin or complete the
topical Phase 2 for Product R or to continue the clinical trials for injectable
Product R in Israel. While we continue to attempt to secure funds through the
sale of our securities, there is no assurance that such funds will be raised on
favorable terms, if at all.

         The studies being conducted in Israel are subject to risks associated
with the political, economic and military conditions affecting Israel and the
Middle East, and recent world events, including terrorism and war, have made it
difficult to predict whether or in what manner these problems will be resolved.

         Our studies detailing the results of the research and testing being
conducted in Israel may not positively impact the FDA's decision to approve a
new IND for injectable Product R or approve the marketing, sales or distribution
of Product R within the United States, and as a result may not improve our
chances of gaining approval for the marketing, sales or distribution of Product
R anywhere in the world. We currently do not have the resources to engage in
further testing, and we cannot provide assurances that we will acquire such
financial resources to continue or complete the studies, or, if we acquire such
resources, that we will do so on favorable terms.

SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD

         In January 2002, we formed a Scientific Advisory Board currently
consisting of six people with experience in oncology, hematology, women's health
and related fields for the purpose of having access to additional expertise and
counsel to support the development of Product R in connection with the rigorous
clinical trials required by the FDA's regulatory approval process. The current
members of the Scientific Advisory Board are:

         DR. GEORGE P. CANELLOS is the William Rosenberg Professor of Medicine
at Harvard Medical School where he served as Chief of the Division of Medical
Oncology for 20 years at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, and was Acting
Clinical Director of the National Cancer Institute (NCI) and a member of the
FDA's Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee. Dr. Canellos was also a past president
of the American Society for Clinical Oncology and a former Editor-in-Chief of
the Journal of Clinical Oncology. Dr. Canellos currently serves as Medical
Director for Network Development, Dana-Farber/Partners CancerCare and is on the
senior staff at the Brigham and Women's Hospital, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute
and Massachusetts General Hospital.

         DR. MICHAEL HARRIS is Director of the Tomorrows Children's Institute
for Cancer and Blood Disorders, Chief of Pediatric Hematology-Oncology at the
Hackensack University Medical Center and Professor of Pediatrics at the
UMDNJ-New Jersey Medical School. Additionally, Dr. Harris is a member of the
National Cancer Institute's Special Review Committee where he is responsible for
the review of Community Clinical Oncology Programs, and Associate Editor for
Pediatric Oncology for the scientific journal Cancer Investigation. Dr. Harris
previously served as Chief of Pediatric Hematology-Oncology at The Mt. Sinai
Medical Center in New York City.

         DR. JAMES D'OLIMPIO is Director of the North Shore University
Hospital's Supportive Oncology and Palliative Care Service and is also Associate
Professor of Medical Oncology at New York University's School of Medicine. His
research has focused on improving the quality of life of cancer patients,
especially by reversing the wasting process (cachexia) associated with cancer,
and in cancer treatment related fatigue syndrome.

         MS. CAROL ARMENTI is the founder and Executive Director of the Center
for Cervical Health, a patient advocacy organization primarily devoted to
cervical health issues in the U.S. Ms. Armenti serves on the FDA advisory board
and other governmental consulting boards, and is a lecturer on women's health
issues.

                                       6

<PAGE>


         DR. HOWARD YOUNG currently serves on the staff of a cancer research
institute. He has been elected to serve as the Vice President of the
International Society for Interferon and Cytokine Research in 2002 and 2003 and
as President in 2004 and 2005. During 2001, Dr. Young was elected a fellow to
the American Academy of Microbiology. Dr. Young served as Chair of the
Immunology Division of the American Society for Microbiology from 1996-1997. Dr.
Young has authored/co-authored over 200 research papers in the field of cellular
and molecular immunology. Dr. Young is a member of the editorial boards of the
"Journal of Interferon and Cytokine Research," "The Journal of Biological
Chemistry, "Genes and Immunity," and served on the editorial board of "The
Journal of Immunology" from 1997-2001. Dr. Young is Editor-in-Chief of the
"Newsletter of the International Society of Interferon and Cytokine Research."

         DR. SIDNEY PESTKA, a recipient of the National Medal of Technology for
2001, is currently Professor and Chairman of the Department of Molecular
Genetics, Microbiology and Immunology at New Jersey's Robert Wood Johnson
Medical School of the University of Medicine and Dentistry. Previously he was
Associate Director of the Roche Institute of Molecular Biology. His work in the
development of interferons, which are used clinically for treating a range of
diseases, including hepatitis B, multiple sclerosis and hairy cell leukemia, is
the basis of several U.S. and more than 100 foreign patents. Dr. Pestka was
inducted into the New Jersey Inventor's Hall of Fame in 1993. He has also
received the Selman Waksman Award in Microbiology and the Milstein Award from
the International Society for Interferon and Cytokine Research. He has served on
the National Cancer Institute's Breast Cancer Task Force, the Basic Pharmacology
Advisory Committee of the Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association Foundation
and is secretary, and former President, of the International Society of
Interferon Research. Dr. Pestka received his undergraduate degree in chemistry
from Princeton University in 1957 and his medical degree from the University of
Pennsylvania School of Medicine in 1961. Over the past 30 years, he has
published several books and written more than 400 research articles for
prestigious peer-reviewed scientific journals.

PATENTS

         We believe that patent protection and trade secret protection are
important to our business and that our future will depend, in part, on our
ability to maintain trade secret protection, obtain patents and operate without
infringing the proprietary rights of others both in the United States and
abroad. We currently have 10 patent applications pending with the United States
Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) and 15 patent applications pending in other
countries relating to Product R. In the United States, we have 10 issued patents
from the PTO. We also have 2 issued patents in Australia and one patent granted
in China. During April 2002, under the terms of a settlement agreement entered
as part of a final judgment on March 25, 2002, we were assigned all rights,
title and interest in two issued U.S. patents pertaining to Reticulose(R)
technology.

         As patent applications in the United States are maintained in secrecy
until patents issue and as publication of discoveries in the scientific or
patent literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, we cannot be certain
that we were the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending
patent applications or that we were the first to file patent applications for
such inventions. Furthermore, the patent positions of biotechnology and
pharmaceutical companies are highly uncertain and involve complex legal and
factual questions, and, therefore, the breadth of claims allowed in
biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents or their enforceability cannot be
predicted. We cannot be sure that any additional patents will issue from any of
our patent applications or, should any patents issue, that we will be provided
with adequate protection against potentially competitive products. Furthermore,
we cannot be sure that should patents issue, they will be of commercial value to
us, or that private parties, including competitors, will not successfully
challenge our patents or circumvent our patent position in the United States or
abroad.

         In the absence of adequate patent protection, our business may be
adversely affected by competitors who develop comparable technology or products.
Moreover, pursuant to the terms of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act, patents
filed on or after June 8, 1995 have a term of twenty years from the date of such
filing, irrespective of the period of time it may take for such patent to
ultimately issue. This may shorten the period of patent protection afforded to
our products as patent applications in the biopharmaceutical sector often take
considerable time to issue. Under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term
Restoration Act of 1984 (the "Patent Act"), a sponsor may obtain marketing
exclusivity for a period of time following FDA approval of certain drug
applications, regardless of patent status, if the drug is a new chemical entity
or if new clinical studies were used to support the marketing application for
the drug. Pursuant to the FDA Modernization Act of 1997, the period of
exclusivity can be extended if the applicant performs certain studies in
pediatric patients. This marketing exclusivity prevents a third party from
obtaining FDA approval for a similar or identical drug under an Abbreviated New
Drug Application ("ANDA") or a "505(b)(2)" New Drug Application. The statute
also allows a patent owner to obtain an extension of applicable patent terms for
a period equal

                                       7

<PAGE>

to one-half the period of time elapsed between the filing of an IND and the
filing of the corresponding NDA plus the period of time between the filing of
the NDA and FDA approval, with a five year maximum patent extension. We cannot
be sure that we will be able to take advantage of either the patent term
extension or marketing exclusivity provisions of this law.

         In order to protect the confidentiality of our technology, including
trade secrets and know-how and other proprietary technical and business
information, we require all of our employees, consultants, advisors and
collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements that prohibit the use or
disclosure of information that is deemed confidential. The agreements also
oblige our employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators to assign to us
developments, discoveries and inventions made by such persons in connection with
their work with us. We cannot be sure that confidentiality will be maintained or
disclosure prevented by these agreements or that our proprietary information or
intellectual property will be protected thereby or that others will not
independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or
intellectual property.

         The pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive and patents have been
applied for by, and issued to, other parties relating to products competitive
with Product R. Therefore, Product R and any other drug candidates may give rise
to claims that they infringe the patents or proprietary rights of other parties
existing now and in the future. Furthermore, to the extent that we or our
consultants or research collaborators use intellectual property owned by others
in work performed for us, disputes may also arise as to the rights in such
intellectual property or in related or resulting know-how and inventions. An
adverse claim could subject us to significant liabilities to such other parties
and/or require disputed rights to be licensed from such other parties. We cannot
be sure that any license required under any such patents or proprietary rights
would be made available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we do not
obtain such licenses, we may encounter delays in product market introductions,
or may find that the development, manufacture or sale of products requiring such
licenses may be precluded. In addition, we could incur substantial costs in
defending ourselves in legal proceedings instituted before the PTO or in a suit
brought against it by a private party based on such patents or proprietary
rights, or in suits by us asserting our patent or proprietary rights against
another party, even if the outcome is not adverse to us. There are extensions
available under the Patent Act if the delay in prosecution of the patent
application results from a delay in the PTO's handling of any interference or
appeal involving the application. We have not conducted any searches or made any
independent investigations of the existence of any patents or proprietary rights
of other parties.

MARKETING AND SALES

         Except for limited sales of Product R for testing and other purposes,
Product R is not sold commercially anywhere in the world. To date, our efforts
or the efforts of our representatives have produced no material benefits to us
regarding our ability to have Product R sold commercially anywhere in the world.
We have entered into exclusive distribution agreements with four separate
entities granting exclusive rights to distribute Product R in the countries of
Canada, China, Japan, Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, Mexico, Argentina, Bolivia,
Paraguay, Uruguay, Brazil and Chile. Pursuant to these agreements, the
distributors are obligated to cause Product R to be approved for commercial sale
in such countries and upon such approval, to purchase from us certain minimum
quantities of Product R to maintain the exclusive distribution rights. Our
marketing plans for Product R are still dependent upon registration of Product R
for sale in various jurisdictions. We have made no sales under the distribution
agreements other than for testing purposes.

         To date we have received no information that would lead us to believe
that we will be positioned to sell Product R commercially anywhere in the world.
On July 30, 2001, we submitted an IND application to the FDA to begin Phase 1
clinical trials of Product R as a topical treatment for genital warts caused by
the human papilloma virus (HPV) infection. In September 2001, the FDA cleared
the IND application to begin Phase 1 clinical trials. In March 2002, Advanced
Viral completed a Phase 1 trial and submitted to the FDA the results, which
indicated that Product R was safe and well tolerated dermatologically in all the
doses applied in the study Due to limited financial resources, we currently are
unable to pursue the Phase 2 clinical trials.

         Initially we targeted our sales and marketing efforts to those
countries where Reticulose was previously marketed by its prior owners for a
number of years as an anti-viral agent in the treatment of Asian influenza,
viral pneumonia, viral infectious hepatitis, mumps, encephalitis, herpes simplex
and herpes zoster. Those countries included Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia,
Taiwan, the Philippines and Malta. Registration of Product R will be required in
such countries as well as in the other countries comprising the distributors'
territories before any significant sales may begin. The registration of Product
R for sale in these countries has been frustrated due to our inability to obtain
the registration

                                       8

<PAGE>

and approval to sell Product R in the Bahamas, the country of origin, and a
general lack of published data on the effectiveness of Product R. Until Product
R is registered and approved for sale in the United States, in another developed
country or in the other countries included in the distributors' territories, we
will not generate any material sales of Product R. For the years ended December
31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, we reported no commercial sales except limited sales
for testing purposes. Product R is not legally available for commercial sale
anywhere in the world, except for testing purposes. See "--Research, Development
and Testing."

         We currently produce bulk clinical trial batches for Product R in our
facility in Yonkers, New York under current Good Manufacturing Procedures (cGMP)
as set forth by the FDA. The FDA has not approved Product R for distribution or
sale in the United States, nor has it approved our Yonkers, New York facility.

COMPETITION

     The pharmaceutical drug industry is highly competitive and rapidly
changing. If we ever successfully develop Product R, it will compete with
numerous existing therapies. In addition, many companies are pursuing novel
drugs that target the same diseases we are targeting with Product R. We believe
that a significant number of drugs are currently under development and will
become available in the future for the treatment of HIV, HPV, other viruses,
cachexia (body wasting) and rheumatoid arthritis. We anticipate that we will
face intense and increasing competition as new products enter the market and
advanced technologies become available. Our competitors' products may be more
effective, or more effectively marketed and sold, than Product R. Competitive
products may render Product R obsolete or noncompetitive before we can recover
the expenses of developing and commercializing Product R. Furthermore, the
development of a cure or new treatment methods for the diseases we are targeting
could render Product R noncompetitive, obsolete or uneconomical. Many of our
competitors:

             -   have significantly greater financial, technical and human
                 resources than we have and may be better equipped to develop,
                 manufacture and market products;

             -   have extensive experience in preclinical testing and clinical
                 trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and
                 marketing pharmaceutical products; and

             -   have products that have been approved or are in late stage
                 development and operate large, well-funded research and
                 development programs.

         A number of therapeutics are currently marketed or are in advanced
stages of clinical development for the treatment of HIV infection and AIDS,
including several products currently marketed as part of a "cocktail" in the
United States. We believe Product R should be added to such cocktails in order
to enhance their effectiveness and mitigate the toxic effects of other drugs
used to treat HIV infections. Among the companies with significant commercial
presence in the AIDS market are Glaxo SmithKline, Bristol-Myers Squibb,
Hoffmann-La Roche, Agouron Pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co. and DuPont Pharma.

         Several products are currently marketed for the treatment of cachexia
(body wasting) included Megace(R) oral suspension manufactured by Bristol-Myers
Squibb and Serostim(R) (injectable human growth hormone) marketed by Serono
Laboratories Inc.

         Several therapeutics are currently marketed or are in advanced stages
of clinical development for the treatment of HPV. Schering Plough Corp.
manufactures Intron A, an injectable interferon product approved by the FDA for
the treatment of HPV. 3M Pharmaceuticals received FDA approval for its
immune-response modifier, Aldara(R), a self-administered topical cream, for the
treatment of HPV. Product R, if approved for commercial sale by the FDA, would
also compete with surgical, chemical, and other methods of treating HPV.
Products developed by our competitors or advances in other methods of the
treatment of HPV may have a negative impact on the commercial viability of
Product R.

         Several products are currently marketed or are in advanced stages of
clinical development for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Immunex Corp.'s
product Enbrel, a biologic response modifier, was approved by the FDA in
November 1998 for the treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis.
Centocor Inc. is developing a monoclonal antibody known as Remicade, an
anti-inflammatory agent that has completed Phase 3 trials in rheumatoid
arthritis. The FDA approved Remicade for treatment of Crohn's disease in August
1998. Centocor filed for FDA approval of an

                                       9

<PAGE>

expanded indication for Remicade for rheumatoid arthritis in January 1999. These
products represent significant competition for Product R as a treatment for
rheumatoid arthritis.

         Other small companies may also prove to be significant competitors,
particularly through collaborative arrangements with large pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies. Academic institutions, governmental agencies and other
public and private research organizations are also becoming increasingly aware
of the commercial value of their inventions and are more actively seeking to
commercialize the technology they have developed.

         If we successfully develop and obtain approval for Product R, we will
face competition based on the safety and effectiveness of Product R, the timing
and scope of regulatory approvals, the availability of supply, marketing and
sales capability, reimbursement coverage, price, patent position and other
factors. Our competitors may develop or commercialize more effective or more
affordable products, or obtain more effective patent protection, than we do.
Accordingly, our competitors may commercialize products more rapidly or
effectively than we do, which could hurt our competitive position and adversely
affect our business. If and when we obtain FDA approval for Product R, we expect
to compete primarily on the basis of product performance and price with a number
of pharmaceutical companies, both in the United States and abroad.

EMPLOYEES

         We have ten full-time employees, consisting of our two executive
officers, two employees involved in research, two employees responsible for
quality assurance and quality control, an assistant controller, a chief
information officer and two administrative employees. Dr. Hirschman, our
President, Chief Executive Officer and a director, and Alan V. Gallantar, our
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, each devote all of their business time to
our day-to-day business operations. Eli Wilner, Chairman of the Board of
Directors and Secretary, devotes as much time to his duties as is reasonably
necessary. Additionally, we may hire, as and when needed, and as available, such
sales and technical support staff and consultants for specific projects on a
contract basis. See "Management --Employment Contracts, Termination of
Employment and Change-in-Control Arrangements."

ITEM 2.           DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY

         We lease approximately 16,650 square feet for executive offices,
including research laboratory space and production area at 200 Corporate
Boulevard South, Yonkers, New York from an unaffiliated third party (the
"Yonkers Lease"). The term of the Yonkers Lease is five years through April 2005
and our annual rental obligation under the Yonkers Lease is approximately
$290,000.

         The Bahamian manufacturing facility, which was acquired on December 16,
1987, is located in Freeport, Bahamas and consists of an approximate 29,000
square foot site containing a one-story concrete building of approximately 7,300
square feet and is equipped for all topical phases of the testing, production,
and packaging of bulk Product R. We are currently negotiating the sale of the
Bahamian facility, after which sale we intend to manufacture Product R
exclusively at our facility in Yonkers, New York.

ITEM 3.           LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         In December 2002 Advanced Viral filed suit in the Circuit Court of the
11th Judicial Circuit of Florida charging that certain investors "misrepresented
their intentions in investing in Advanced Viral" and "engaged in a series of
manipulative activities to depress the price of Advanced Viral stock." Advanced
Viral alleges that the defendants sought to "guarantee they would be issued
significantly more shares of ADVR common stock" as a result of warrant repricing
provisions of a September 2002 financing agreement. Advanced Viral is seeking a
judgment for damages, interest and costs.

         The complaint names SDS Merchant Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership; Alpha Capital, A.G., located in Vaduz, Lichtenstein; Knight
Securities, L.P., a limited partnership conducting securities business in
Florida; Stonestreet Limited Partnership located in Canada; and Bristol
Investment Fund, Ltd., whose principal place of business is in Grand Cayman,
Cayman Islands, among others. The complaint claims that the "defendants have
each, at times acting individually, and at times acting in concert with at least
one or more of each other," engaged in practices that violate sections of the
Florida Securities and Investor Protection Act.

                                       10

<PAGE>

         Also named as a plaintiff in the case is William B. Bregman, a resident
of Miami-Dade County, Florida, and one of the largest shareholders of Advanced
Viral. The complaint alleges that Mr. Bregman suffered losses of approximately
$3.9 million as a result of the stock manipulation scheme.

         The suit is related to an agreement, announced September 9, 2002,
pursuant to which we issued and sold to certain investors 21,500,000 shares of
our common stock for total gross proceeds of $3,010,000, or $.14 per share. We
also issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 16,125,002 shares of our common
stock, which were covered by provisions that allowed for an adjustment of the
warrant exercise price. The complaint charges the defendants with manipulating
the share price to take favorable advantage of these warrant pricing provisions.

         Following the initiation of Advanced Viral's lawsuit in Florida, three
of the purchasers in the September financing (Alpha Capital, A.G., Bristol
Investment Fund, Ltd. and Stonestreet Limited Partnership (the "Alpha
Plaintiffs") filed separate lawsuits in the U.S. District Court for the Southern
District of New York. The suits sought a preliminary injunction and other relief
for breach of contract. The District Court entered an order on February 11, 2003
upon a motion of the Alpha Plaintiffs, that required that (i) we deliver to the
Alpha Plaintiffs the shares of Company common stock issuable upon exercise of
the warrants; (ii) the Alpha Plaintiffs post a bond of either $100,000 or the
market value of the warrant shares, whichever is higher for each group of
warrants as of the first and second determination dates; and (iii) all the
proceeds from the sale of the warrant shares be placed in escrow pending final
resolution of the litigation. Within ten days of the entry of the order, we
moved to alter/amend the judgment and/or reconsideration of the Court's order
requesting relief from the Court's order. The Court denied this motion and
ordered Advanced Viral to immediately deliver the warrant shares to the Alpha
Plaintiffs upon their payment of the exercise price and posting of a bond,
without further delay and no later than April 8, 2003. We have appealed the
order denying the motion for reconsideration. We continue to consider and pursue
all of our options relating to the litigation, including resolution through
settlement.

ITEM 4.           SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         During the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2002, no
matters were submitted to a vote of security holders of Advanced Viral.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.           MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
                  MATTERS

COMMON STOCK

         The principal United States market in which our common stock is traded
is the over-the-counter market electronic Bulletin Board. The following table
shows the range of reported low bid and high bid per share quotations for our
common stock for each full quarterly period during the two recent years ended
December 31, 2001 and 2002, and for the first quarter of 2003. The high and low
bid prices for the periods indicated reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail
mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              Low Bid          High Bid
                                                              -------          --------
<S>                                                           <C>              <C>
First Quarter 2001.........................................    0.285            0.410
Second Quarter 2001........................................    0.265            0.495
Third Quarter 2001.........................................    0.171            0.395
Fourth Quarter 2001........................................    0.179            0.400

First Quarter 2002.........................................    0.158            0.285
Second Quarter 2002........................................    0.096            0.300
Third Quarter 2002.........................................    0.112            0.220
Fourth Quarter 2002........................................    0.065            0.119

First Quarter 2003 through March 28, 2003..................    0.054            0.085
</TABLE>

                                       11

<PAGE>

STOCKHOLDERS

         The approximate number of holders of record of our common stock as of
March 28, 2003 is 3,135, inclusive of those brokerage firms and/or clearing
houses holding shares of common stock for their clientele (with each such
brokerage house and/or clearing house being considered as one holder).

DIVIDEND POLICY

         We have not declared or paid any dividends on our shares of common
stock. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, that may be generated from
our operations to finance our future operations and expansion and do not plan
for the reasonably foreseeable future to pay dividends to holders of our common
stock. Any decision as to the future payment of dividends will depend on our
results of operations and financial position and such other factors as our board
of directors in its discretion deems relevant.

ITEM 6.           SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

         The following selected historical financial data as of and for the
years ended December 31, 2002, 2001, 2000, 1999 and 1998 have been derived from
our audited financial statements. The selected consolidated financial data set
forth below should be read along with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the financial statements and
notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.

                      SELECTED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       2002            2001            2000           1999
                                                     RESTATED        RESTATED        RESTATED        RESTATED         1998
                                                   ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
<S>                                                <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Revenues                                           $          0    $     17,601    $      8,363    $     10,953    $        656
  Costs and Expenses:
  Research and development                            4,439,592       5,150,869       3,192,551       1,948,937       1,659,456
  General and administrative                          2,654,296       4,063,022       2,413,601       1,831,061       1,420,427
  Compensation and other expense for options and
    warrants                                            883,762       1,048,108       1,901,927         195,375             ---
  Depreciation                                          977,746         511,216         346,227         230,785         110,120
                                                   ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
                                                      8,955,396      10,773,215       7,854,306       4,206,158       3,190,003
                                                   ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Loss from Operations                                 (8,955,396)    (10,755,614)     (7,845,943)     (4,195,205)     (3,189,347)
                                                   ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Other Income (Expense):
  Interest income                                        27,659         113,812         161,832          42,744         102,043
  Other income                                              ---             ---             ---             ---             293
  Interest expense                                     (192,174)        116,849        (908,220)     (2,170,970)     (1,470,699)
  Severance expense - former directors                      ---        (302,500)            ---             ---             ---
                                                   ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
                                                       (164,515)        (71,839)       (746,388)     (2,128,226)     (1,368,363)
                                                   ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Loss from continuing operations                      (9,119,911)    (10,827,453)     (8,592,331)     (6,323,431)     (4,557,710)
Loss from discontinued operations                      (201,154)       (259,114)       (223,861)            n/a             n/a
                                                   ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Net Loss                                           $ (9,321,065)   $(11,086,567)   $ (8,816,192)   $ (6,323,431)   $ (4,557,710)
                                                   ============    ============    ============    ============    ============
Net Loss Per Share of Common
  Stock - Basic and Diluted
    Continuing operations                          $      (0.02)   $      (0.03)   $      (0.02)   $      (0.02)   $      (0.02)
                                                   ============    ============    ============    ============    ============
    Discontinued operations                        $      (0.00)   $      (0.00)   $      (0.00)            n/a             n/a
                                                   ============    ============    ============    ============    ============
</TABLE>

--------------------------
See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       12

<PAGE>

                           SELECTED BALANCE SHEET DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     2002             2001              2000            1999
                                                   RESTATED         RESTATED          RESTATED        RESTATED           1998
                                                   --------         --------          --------        --------           ----
<S>                                              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
ASSETS
Current Assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                      $   1,475,755    $   1,499,809    $   5,962,633    $     836,876    $     924,420
  Investments                                               --               --               --               --          821,047
  Assets held for sale                                 172,601          188,999          179,622          178,182               --
  Inventory                                                 --               --           19,729           19,729           19,729
  Other current assets                                 121,895           63,162           34,804           59,734           29,818
                                                 -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
    Total current assets                             1,770,251        1,751,970        6,196,788        1,094,521        1,795,014
                                                 -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
Property and Equipment, Net                          2,244,118        2,818,045        1,771,038        1,204,202        1,049,593

Other Assets                                           931,660          878,776          840,888          562,851          460,346
                                                 -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
  Total assets                                   $   4,946,029    $   5,448,791    $   8,808,714    $   2,861,574    $   3,304,953
                                                 =============    =============    =============    =============    =============
LIABILITIES AND
  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)
  Current Liabilities:
  Litigation settlement                                     --               --               --               --               --
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities       $     554,707    $   1,843,706    $     902,961    $     728,872    $     279,024
  Current portion of capital lease obligation          104,719           64,197           58,690           50,315    $      38,335
  Current portion of note payable                       25,165           24,246           21,517           19,095               --
                                                 -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
    Total current liabilities                          684,591        1,932,149          983,168          798,282          317,359
                                                 -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
Long-Term Debt:
  Convertible debentures, net                        1,610,499               --               --        4,446,629        1,457,919
  Capital lease obligation - long term portion           5,834           42,370          106,567          152,059          167,380
  Note payable - long term portion                       4,879           32,198           56,446           77,964               --
                                                 -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
    Total long-term debt                             1,621,212           74,568          163,013        4,676,652        1,625,299
                                                 -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
  Deposit on Securities Purchase Agreement                  --               --               --               --          600,000
  Common Stock Subscribed but not Issued               883,900               --               --               --               --
Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency):
  Common stock: 1,000,000,000 shares of
    $.00001 par value authorized                         4,555            4,033            3,802            3,034            2,964
  Additional paid-in capital                        51,141,177       43,877,955       36,349,629       17,255,858       14,325,076
  Deficit accumulated during development stage     (49,098,231)     (39,777,166)     (28,690,599)     (19,874,407)     (13,550,976)
  Deferred compensation cost                                --               --               --               --          (14,769)
  Discount on warrants                                (291,175)        (662,748)            (299)           2,155               --
                                                 -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
    Total stockholders' equity (deficiency)          1,756,326        3,442,074        7,662,533       (2,613,360)         762,295
                                                 -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
    Total liabilities and stockholders' equity   $   4,946,029    $   5,448,791    $   8,808,714    $   2,861,574    $   3,304,953
                                                 =============    =============    =============    =============    =============
    Shares outstanding at period end               455,523,990      403,296,863      380,214,618      303,472,035      296,422,907
                                                 =============    =============    =============    =============    =============
</TABLE>

-------------------
See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       13

<PAGE>

ITEM 7.           MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                  AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         The following discussion of the results of operations and the financial
condition of Advanced Viral should be read in conjunction with Advanced Viral's
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included elsewhere in this
report.

OVERVIEW

         Since our inception in July 1985, Advanced Viral has been engaged
primarily in research and development activities. We have not generated
significant operating revenues, and as of December 31, 2002 we had incurred a
cumulative net loss of $49,098,231. Our ability to generate substantial
operating revenue depends upon our success in gaining FDA approval for the
commercial use and distribution of Product R. All of our research and
development efforts have been devoted to the development of Product R.

         Conducting the clinical trials of Product R will require significant
cash expenditures. Product R may never be approved for commercial distribution
by any country. Because our research and development expenses and clinical trial
expenses will be charged against earnings for financial reporting purposes, we
expect that losses from operations will continue to be incurred for the
foreseeable future. We currently do not have sufficient funds to continue our
testing of Product R. We are attempting to secure funds through the sale of our
securities.

         During 2002, the Board of Directors approved a plan to sell Advance
Viral Research Ltd. (LTD), the Company's Bahamian subsidiary. The decision was
based upon the Company completing construction on its facility in Yonkers, New
York capable of providing all functions previously provided by the Freeport,
Bahamas plant. The assets of LTD have been classified on the Balance Sheet of
the Company at December 31, 2002 and 2001 as Assets held for Sale. LTD had no
liabilities as of December 31, 2002, except inter-company payables which have
been eliminated in consolidation. The operations for LTD have been classified in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2002,
2001 and 2000 as Loss from Discontinued Operations.

         The independent certified public accountants' report on our
consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002,
includes an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going
concern. Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements states that our ability
to continue operations is dependent upon the continued sale of our securities
and debt financing for funds to meet our cash requirements, which raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Further, the
accountants' report states that the financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000

         The accompanying financial statements for the years ended December 31,
2002, 2001 and 2000 have been restated to reflect changes in accounting for
warrants issued in connection with equity transactions as well as options issued
to the Board of Directors and employees (on a pro-forma basis only) and our
advisory board. The restatement resulted in income which reduced the previously
reported net loss for 2002, 2001 and 2000 by approximately $1,021,000, $629,000,
and $538,000, respectively.

         Basic and diluted net loss per common share on operations remained the
same for the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2001. Our deficit accumulated
during the development stage was reduced by $2,039,574, $1,018,304, and $389,303
at December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. The restatement did not
impact our net cash in investing and financing activities and net cash used in
operating activities remained unchanged However, certain components within
operating activities consisting of amortization of deferred interest cost,
discount on warrants and compensation expense for options and warrants, were
restated.

         YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000

         During the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 we incurred
losses from continuing operations of approximately $9,119,911, $10,827,453 and
$8,592,331, respectively. Our losses for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001
and 2000 were attributable primarily to:

                                       14

<PAGE>

         GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. General and administrative
expenses were approximately $2,654,000, $4,063,000 and $2,414,000 in 2002, 2001
and 2000, respectively. General and administrative expenses decreased by
approximately $1,409,000 in 2002 vs.2001 and increased by $1,649,000 in 2001
vs.2000, resulting primarily from:

             -   decreased payroll and related expenses (approximately $866,000
                 in 2002 vs. increases of $1,039,000 in 2001 and $717,000 in
                 2000) The decrease in 2002 was primarily attributable to a
                 reduction in personnel from 33 to 10 employees as a cost
                 cutting measure. The increase in 2001 and 2000 was primarily
                 attributable to increased employee and officer salaries and the
                 addition of two vice presidents for drug development and
                 quality assurance in 2001;

             -   increased insurance costs (approximately $564,000 in 2002 vs.
                 $412,000in 2001 and $299,000 in 2000) representing increased
                 premiums for employee medical insurance and additional
                 corporate liability insurance including directors and officers
                 liability coverage; and

             -   decreased professional fees (approximately $501,000 in 2002 vs.
                 $1,431,000 in 2001, compared to $385,000 in 2000). The increase
                 in 2001 is primarily attributable to certain legal proceedings
                 the cost of which was approximately $953,000 in 2001 vs.
                 $61,000 in 2002; and

             -   decreased consulting fees (approximately $34,000 in 2002 vs.
                 $212,000 in 2001 and $305,000 in 2000). This decrease is
                 primarily due to lower outside computer consultant costs; and

             -   decreased recruiting expenses (approximately $7,000 in 2002 vs.
                 $135,000 in 2001 vs. $12,000 in 2000). The 2001 expense was for
                 the hiring of new employees.

         COMPENSATION AND OTHER EXPENSE FOR OPTIONS AND WARRANTS. Compensation
expense was approximately $884,000 in 2002, compared to $1,048,000 in 2001 and
1,902,000 in 2000. These amounts are the result of the calculation of the fair
value of options, using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, resulting from
extending the exercise date of various non-employee options outstanding of
$476,000, $691,000 and 1,902,000, respectively, and the amortization of warrant
costs relating to private equity line of credit issued in 2001 using the
Black-Scholes Pricing Model of $408,000 and $357,000, respectively.

         RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSE. Research and development expense was
approximately $4,440,000 in 2002, compared to $5,151,000 and $3,193,000 in 2001
and 2000, respectively. The decrease from 2001 to 2002 resulted primarily from
research expenses (approximately $1,778,000) relating to the GloboMax agreement
in connection with the preparation of our first IND filing and offset by an
increase of approximately $749,000 for research expenditures relating to
research and testing of Product R in Israel. The increase from 2000 to 2001
resulted primarily from research expenses related to the GloboMax agreement of
approximately $1,417,000. The approximate costs of rent, personnel, operating
costs and laboratory supplies associated with research and development
activities at the Yonkers facility for the years ended 2002, 2001 and 2000,
which were charged to research and development expense, were $2,467,000,
$2,230,000 and $1,696,000, respectively.

         DEPRECIATION EXPENSE. Depreciation expense was approximately $978,000
in 2002 compared to $511,000 and $346,000 in 2001 and 2000, respectively. The
increase from 2000 to 2001 resulted primarily from the acquisition of furniture,
fixtures and equipment for the Yonkers office, laboratory and production
facility. In addition, leasehold improvements were made to the laboratory and
production areas during 2002, 2001 and 2000. The increase in 2002 over 2001
resulted from equipment and leasehold improvements acquired during 2002 and full
year's depreciation expense recorded in 2002 for 2001 additions.

         INTEREST EXPENSE. Interest expense for the years ended 2002, 2001 and
2000 was approximately $192,000, $117,000 and $908,000, respectively. Included
in interest expense for these periods was:

                 -     the beneficial conversion feature on certain convertible
                       debentures of approximately $89,000, $0, and $387,000 for
                       the years ended 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively;

                 -     interest expense associated with certain convertible
                       debentures of approximately $43,000, $0 and $76,000 for
                       the years ended 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively;

                                       15

<PAGE>

                 -     amortization of loan costs of approximately $34,000,
                       $15,000 and $106,000 for the years ended 2002, 2001 and
                       2000, respectively;

                 -     fees of approximately $265,000 in connection with the
                       November 2000 securities purchase agreement with various
                       investors;

                 -     additional financing costs related to effective date of
                       certain registration statements of approximately $286,000
                       in 1999 (of which approximately $156,000 was reversed in
                       2001).

         SEVERANCE EXPENSE. Severance expense for the year ended December 31,
2001 was approximately $303,000, paid under severance agreements entered into
between the retiring directors and the Company.

         LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS. Losses from continuing operations for
the years ended 2002, 2001 and 2000 was approximately $9,120,000, $10,827,000
and $8,592,000, respectively. The decrease from 2002 to 2001 resulted primarily
from a reduction in general and administrative expenses due to a reduction in
legal fees due to the settlement of litigation during 2001 and a reduction of
personnel during 2002 from 33 to 10 employees.

         LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS. Losses from discontinued operations
for the years ended 2002, 2001 and 2000 was approximately $201,000, $259,000 and
$224,000, respectively, relating to losses from our 99% owned subsidiary,
Advance Viral Research Ltd.

         REVENUES. There were approximately $0 and $18,000 in sales revenue in
2002 and 2001, respectively, compared to $8,000 in sales revenues for 2000. All
sales revenue resulted from purchases of Product R for testing purposes.
Interest income was approximately $28,000 and $114,000 in 2002 and 2001,
respectively, compared to approximately $162,000 in 2000.

LIQUIDITY

         YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002 AND 2001

         As of December 31, 2002, we had current assets of approximately
$1,770,000, compared to approximately $1,752,000 at December 31, 2001. We had
total assets of approximately $4,946,000 and $5,449,000 at December 31, 2002 and
2001, respectively. Total asset levels did not change materially but total
assets declined due to the increase in fixed asset depreciation for property and
equipment acquisitions.

         During 2002, we used cash of approximately $8,701,000 for operating
activities, as compared to approximately $8,577,000 in 2001. During 2002, we
incurred expenses of:

             -   approximately $2,809,000 for payroll and related costs
                 primarily for administrative staff, scientific personnel and
                 executive officers;

             -   approximately $904,000 in consulting fees to GloboMax and its
                 subcontractors;

             -   approximately $395,000 for rent and utilities for our Yonkers
                 facility;

             -   approximately $295,000 for laboratory supplies;

             -   approximately $986,000 in expenditures on Product R research in
                 Israel;

             -   approximately $573,000 for insurance costs and approximately
                 $501,000 for other professional fees.

         During the year ended December 31, 2002, cash flows provided by
financing activities was primarily due to the proceeds from the sale of common
stock of approximately $7,114,000 and $2,000,000 in convertible debentures,
offset by principal payments of approximately $169,000 on equipment obligations.
This compares to the year ended December 31, 2001 where funds of approximately
$5,783,000 were provided by the sale of common stock offset by principal
payments of approximately $80,000 on equipment obligations.

                                       16

<PAGE>

         During the year ended December 31, 2002, cash flow used by investing
activities were used for expenditures of approximately $268,000 for leasehold
improvements and research and laboratory equipment at our Yonkers, New York
facility.

         The independent certified public accountants' report on our
consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002,
includes an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going
concern. Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements states that our ability
to continue operations is dependent upon the continued sale of our securities
and debt financing for funds to meet our cash requirements, which raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Further, the
accountants' report states that the financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

CAPITAL RESOURCES

         We have been and will continue to be dependent upon the proceeds from
the continued sale of our securities for the funds required to continue
operations at present levels and to fund further research and development
activities. The following table summarizes sales of our securities over the last
two years.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  PURCHASE PRICE
                                                           CONVERTIBLE /        CONVERSION PRICE /  MATURITY DATE /
DATE ISSUED       GROSS PROCEEDS   SECURITY ISSUED       EXERCISABLE INTO         EXERCISE PRICE    EXPIRATION DATE
-----------       --------------   ---------------       ----------------       ------------------  ---------------
<S>               <C>              <C>                <C>                       <C>                 <C>
 Feb-2001           equity line        warrants       10,000,000 shares (1)      $1.00 per share        2/9/2006
 Jul-2001          $  1,000,000      common stock     3,125,000 shares           $0.32 per share           n/a
 Jul-2001          $    490,000      common stock     1,225,000 shares           $0.40 per share           n/a
                                       warrants       367,500 shares             $0.48 per share        7/27/2006
                                                      367,500 shares             $0.56 per share
 Aug-2001          $    600,000      common stock     2,000,000 shares           $0.30 per share           n/a
 Sep-2001          $  1,000,000      common stock     6,666,667 shares           $0.15 per share           n/a
 Dec-2001          $  2,000,000      common stock     7,407,407 shares           $0.27 per share           n/a
 Dec-2001          $    410,000      common stock     1,518,519 shares           $0.27 per share           n/a
 Dec-2001          $    200,000      common stock     740,741 shares             $0.27 per share           n/a
 Feb-2002          $    500,000      common stock     3,333,333 shares           $0.15 per share           n/a
 Feb-2002          $    500,000      common stock     3,333,333 shares           $0.15 per share           n/a
 Mar-2002          $    500,000      common stock     3,333,333 shares           $0.15 per share           n/a
 Apr-2002          $  1,939,000      common stock     17,486,491 shares          $0.11089 per share        n/a
 May-2002          $    500,000      convertible
                                      debenture       Approx. 4,412,000 shares    (2)                   5/30/2004
 May-2002           consulting        warrants        1,000,000 shares           $0.18 per share        5/30/2008
                    services
 Jul-2002          $  1,000,000      convertible
                                      debenture       Approx. 9,350,000 shares    (3)                   7/3/2004
 Jul-2002          $    500,000      convertible
                                      debenture       Approx. 4,588,000 shares    (4)                   7/15/2004
 Sep-2002          $  3,010,000      common stock     21,500,000 shares (5)      $0.14 per share           n/a
                                      warrants        16,125,000 shares          $0.001 per share       9/9/2007
                                                                                  (6)
 Dec-2002 &        $  1,100,000      common stock     13,750,000 shares          $0.08 per share           n/a
  Mar-2003                              warrants       9,075,000 shares           $0.12 per share    12/2007 - 3/2008
</TABLE>

-------------------------
(1)  Represents warrants issued in connection with an equity line of credit,
     including Class A Warrants to purchase in the aggregate 5 million shares of
     our common stock at an exercise price per share equal to $1.00, exercisable
     at any time until February 9, 2006, and Class B Warrants to purchase in the
     aggregate 5 million shares of our common stock at an exercise price equal
     to the greater of $1.00 or 110% of the bid price of the common stock on the
     applicable advance date. Each Class B Warrant is exercisable pro rata on or
     after each advance date with respect to that number of warrant shares equal
     to the product obtained by multiplying 5 million by a fraction, the
     numerator of which is the amount of the advance payable on the applicable
     advance date and the denominator of which is $20 million, until sixty
     months from the date of issuance.

(2)  $0.11 per share for the first 20% of the principal balance of the
     Debenture, thereafter, 20% of the principal balance may be converted at
     six-month intervals at a conversion price equal to the higher of (i) 90% of
     the average closing bid price for the five trading days prior to the
     conversion date (the "Market Price"); or (ii) ten cents ($0.10) which
     amount is subject to certain adjustments.

(3)  $0.1539 per share for the first 20% of the principal balance of the
     Debenture, thereafter, 20% of the principal balance may be converted at
     six-month intervals at a conversion price equal to the higher of (i) 90% of
     the Market Price; or (ii) ten cents ($0.10) which amount is subject to
     certain adjustments.

(4)  $0.1818 per share for the first 20% of the principal balance of the
     Debenture, thereafter, 20% of the principal balance may be converted at
     six-month intervals at a conversion price equal to the higher of (i) 90% of
     the Market Price; or (ii) ten cents ($0.10) which amount is subject to
     certain adjustments.

(5)  Does not include an additional 1,032,000 shares of common stock issued to
     H.C. Wainwright & Co. as part of the finder's fee for the transaction.

(6)  See "Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS."

                                       17

<PAGE>

         EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT AGREEMENT. On February 9, 2001, we entered into
an equity line of credit agreement with Cornell Capital Partners, LP, an
institutional investor, to sell up to $50,000,000 of our common stock. Under the
private equity line of credit, under which we may exercise "put options" to sell
shares for a price equal to 95% of the average of the three lowest reported
closing bid prices of our common stock over a 25 trading day period ending on
the advance notice date (the "Average Bid Price"). The agreement provides that
the closing bid price of the common stock on the put option notice date shall
not be less than the average closing bid price for the previous 25 trading days.
Upon signing the agreement, we issued to our placement agent, May Davis Group,
Inc., and certain investors Class A Warrants to purchase in the aggregate
5,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price per share equal to $1.00,
exercisable in part or in whole at any time until February 9, 2006, and Class B
Warrants to purchase in the aggregate 5,000,000 shares of common stock at an
exercise price equal to the greater of $1.00 or 110% of the bid price of the
common stock on the applicable advance date. Each Class B Warrant is exercisable
pro rata on or after each advance date with respect to that number of warrant
shares equal to the product obtained by multiplying 5,000,000 by a fraction, the
numerator of which is the amount of the advance payable on the applicable
advance date and the denominator of which is $20,000,000, until sixty months
from the date of issuance.

         The fair value of the Class A Warrants is estimated to be $1,019,153
($0.204 per warrant share) based in a financial analysis of the terms of the
warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions:
expected volatility of 80%; risk free interest rate of 6% and an expected
holding period of five years. This amount is being amortized to compensation and
other expense for options and warrants over the life of the equity line of
credit (30 months).

         As of December 30, 2001, we had incurred approximately $83,700 in fees
in connection with the equity line of credit. Such fees have been deferred and
will be amortized over the life of the line of credit. We have no present plans
to draw on this equity line of credit but may negotiate a similar arrangement on
terms we consider more beneficial to Advanced Viral.

         VARIOUS PURCHASERS. On July 27, 2001, pursuant to a securities purchase
agreement with various purchasers, we authorized the issuance of and sold
1,225,000 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of
735,000 shares of common stock in a private offering transaction pursuant to
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act for a purchase price of $0.40 per share, for
an aggregate purchase price of $490,000. Half of the warrants are exercisable at
$0.48 per share, and half of the warrants are exercisable at $0.56 per share,
until July 27, 2006. Each warrant contains anti-dilution provisions, which
provide for the adjustment of warrant price and warrant shares. As of March 28,
2003, none of the warrants had been exercised.

         SHELF OFFERINGS

         On March 31, 2000, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3
with the SEC relating to the offering of shares of our common stock to be used
in connection with financings and resales of the shares issued thereunder by the
recipients of such shares. Because we no longer satisfy the registrant
requirements set forth in the General Instructions for Use of Form S-3 for the
registration of securities under the Securities Act of 1933, the shelf
registration statement is no longer available for issuances of our common stock.
As of March 28, 2003, we have issued and sold approximately 59 million shares of
our common stock and received proceeds of approximately $11.2 million under the
shelf registration statement, as follows:

                  BNC BACH INTERNATIONAL. During 2001, we entered into several
stock purchase agreements with BNC Bach International, Ltd., a British Virgin
Islands corporation, as follows:

                       -  On July 19, 2001, we entered into a stock purchase
                          agreement with BNC Bach pursuant to which we issued
                          and sold to BNC Bach 3,125,000 shares of our common
                          stock at $0.32 per share for an aggregate purchase
                          price of $1,000,000.

                       -  On August 20, 2001, we entered into a stock purchase
                          agreement with BNC Bach pursuant to which we issued
                          and sold to BNC Bach 2,000,000 shares of our common
                          stock at $0.30 per share for an aggregate purchase
                          price of $600,000.

                                       18

<PAGE>

                       -  On December 18, 2001, we entered into a Stock purchase
                          agreement with BNC Bach pursuant to which we issued
                          and sold to BNC Bach 7,407,407 shares of our common
                          stock at a negotiated price of $0.27 per share, for a
                          total purchase price of $2,000,000.

                  CAMBOIS FINANCE, LTD. On September 28, 2001, we entered into a
stock purchase agreement with Cambois Finance, Ltd. pursuant to which we issued
and sold to Cambois 6,666,667 shares of our common stock at $0.15 per share for
an aggregate purchase price of $1,000,000.

                  HARBOR VIEW GROUP, INC. On December 17, 2001, we entered into
a Stock purchase agreement with Harbor View Group, Inc. pursuant to which we
issued and sold to Harbor View 1,518,519 shares of our common stock at a
negotiated price of $0.27 per share, for a total purchase price of $410,000.

                  RUSSEL KUHN. On December 17, 2001, we entered into a Stock
purchase agreement with Russel Kuhn pursuant to which we issued and sold to Mr.
Kuhn 740,741 shares of our common stock at a negotiated price of $0.27 per
share, for a total purchase price of $200,000.

                  ROSEWORTH GROUP. During the first quarter of 2002, we entered
into the following stock purchase agreements with Roseworth Group Limited, a
British Virgin Islands corporation wholly-owned subsidiary of Creon Management,
S.A., a British Virgin Islands corporation whose wholly-owned subsidiary,
Cambois Finance, Ltd., is discussed above:

                       -  On February 7, 2002, we entered into a Stock purchase
                          agreement with Roseworth Group pursuant to which we
                          issued and sold to Roseworth Group 3,333,333 shares of
                          our common stock at a negotiated price of $0.15 per
                          share, for a total purchase price of $500,000.

                       -  On February 21, 2002, we entered into a Stock purchase
                          agreement with Roseworth Group pursuant to which we
                          issued and sold to Roseworth Group 3,333,333 shares of
                          our common stock at a negotiated price of $0.15 per
                          share, for a total purchase price of $500,000.

                       -  On March 22, 2002, we entered into a Stock purchase
                          agreement with Roseworth Group pursuant to which we
                          issued and sold to Roseworth Group 3,333,333 shares of
                          our common stock at a negotiated price of $0.15 per
                          share, for a total purchase price of $500,000.

                    VARIOUS PURCHASERS. On April 12, 2002, we issued and sold an
aggregate of 17,486,491 shares of our common stock pursuant to subscription
agreements with each of Alpha Capital AG (3,497,298 shares), Ellis Enterprises
(1,311,487 shares), Kazi Management, Inc. (3,060,136 shares), Palisades Equity
Fund L.P. (4,808,785 shares) and Stonestreet L.P. (4,808,785 shares), for net
proceeds of approximately $1,939,000, or $0.11089 per share.

                  VARIOUS PURCHASERS. On September 10, 2002, we issued and sold
an aggregate of 21,500,000 shares of our common stock pursuant to a Securities
Purchase Agreement with certain investors for total proceeds of approximately
$3,010,000, or $0.14 per share, along with warrants to purchase 16,125,000
shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share, subject to
adjustment, as described below. In addition, pursuant to a placement agent
agreement with H. C. Wainwright & Co., Inc. ("HCW"), we paid HCW a placement fee
of $150,500 cash and issued to HCW 1,032,000 shares of our common stock. An
adjustment provision in the Warrants provides that 60 trading days following the
original issue date of the Warrants (the "First Determination Date"), a certain
number of Warrants shall become exercisable at $.001. The number of shares for
which the Warrants are exercisable at $.001 per share is equal to the positive
difference, if any, between (i) $3,010,000 divided by the volume weighted
average price ("VWAP") of our common stock for the 60 trading days preceding the
First Determination Date and (ii) 21,500,000. Upon 120 trading days following
the original issue date of the Warrants (the "Second Determination Date"), a
certain number of remaining Warrants shall become exercisable at $.001. The
number of shares for which the Warrants are exercisable at $.001 per share is
equal to the positive difference, if any, between (i) $3,010,000 divided by the
VWAP of our common stock for the 60 trading days preceding the Second
Determination Date and (ii) 21,500,000. No adjustment will be made in the event
that the VWAP for the 60 trading day period preceding the applicable
determination date is $.14 or greater.

         HARBOR VIEW GROUP, INC. On May 30, 2002 we entered into an agreement
with Harbor View to terminate a consulting agreement effective as of December
31, 2001. The consultant continued to perform services after

                                       19

<PAGE>

the termination date and as full compensation we granted warrants to purchase
1,000,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.18 per share.
The warrants are exercisable in whole or in part at any time and from time to
time prior to May 30, 2008.

         CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES. During the second quarter of 2002, we issued to
certain investors an aggregate of $2,000,000 principal amount of our 5%
convertible debentures at par in several private placements. Under the terms of
each 5% convertible debenture, 20% of the original issue is convertible on the
original date of issue at a price equal to the closing bid price quoted on the
OTC Bulletin Board on the preceding trading day (except for the Rushing/Simoni
issuance which had an initial conversion price of $0.11 per share). Thereafter,
20% of the principal balance may be converted at six-month intervals at a
conversion price equal to the higher of (i) 90% of the average closing bid price
for the five trading days prior to the conversion date (the "Market Price"); or
(ii) ten cents ($0.10) which amount is subject to certain adjustments. The
convertible debentures, including interest accrued thereon, are payable by
Advanced Viral in shares of common stock and mature two years from the date of
issuance. The shares issued upon conversion of the debentures cannot be sold or
transferred for a period of one year from the applicable vesting date of the
convertible portion of the debentures. We issued our 5% convertible debentures
as follows:

             -   On May 30, 2002, we sold to O. Frank Rushing and Justine Simoni
                 $500,000 principal amount of our 5% convertible debenture. On
                 June 3, 2002, the holder converted the first 20% ($100,000) of
                 the debenture into 909,091 shares of common stock at a
                 conversion price of $0.11 per share. In January 2003, the
                 holder converted the second 20% ($100,000 plus interest of
                 $3,041) into 1,030,411 shares of common stock at a conversion
                 price of $.10 per share.

             -   On July 3, 2002, we sold to James F. Dicke II, a member of our
                 Board of Directors, $1,000,000 principal amount of our 5%
                 convertible debenture. On July 3, 2002, Mr. Dicke converted the
                 first 20% ($200,000) of the debenture for 1,299,545 shares of
                 common stock at a conversion price of $0.1539 per share. In
                 January 2003, the holder converted the second 20% ($200,000
                 plus interest of $5,041) of the debenture into 2,050,411 shares
                 of common stock at a conversion price of $.10 per share.

             -   On July 15, 2002, we sold to Peter Lunder $500,000 principal
                 amount of our 5% convertible debenture. In January 2003, the
                 holder converted 40% ($200,000 plus interest of $4,822) of the
                 debenture into 1,587,797 shares of common stock, the first 20%
                 of which was converted at a conversion price of $.1818 per
                 share, and the second 20% of which was converted at a
                 conversion price of $.10 per share.

         VARIOUS PURCHASERS. From December 2002 through March 2003, pursuant to
securities purchase agreements with various purchasers, we authorized the
issuance of and sold 13,750,000 shares of our common stock and warrants to
purchase up to 8,250,000 shares of our common stock at $0.08 per share, for an
aggregate purchase price of $1,100,000. In connection with the agreement, we
paid finders' fees of approximately $50,000 in December 2002 and issued warrants
to purchase 825,000 shares of our common stock to Harbor View Group and AVIX,
Inc. All of the aforementioned warrants are exercisable at $0.12 per share
commencing six months after the closing date of the agreement, for a period of
five years. As of March 28, 2003, none of such warrants had been exercised.

OUTSTANDING CONVERTIBLE SECURITIES

         As of March 28, 2003, in addition to the 472,792,609 shares of our
common stock currently outstanding, we have: (i) outstanding stock options to
purchase an aggregate of 65.9 million shares of common stock at exercise prices
ranging from $0.08 to $0.36, of which 57.5 million are currently exercisable;
(ii) outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 59.4 million shares of
common stock at prices ranging from $0.12 to $1.00, of which warrants to
purchase 54.4 million shares are currently exercisable; (iii) outstanding
convertible debentures representing approximately 12.0 million shares of common
stock assuming a conversion price of $0.10; and (iv) up to 166,666,667 shares
issuable under the equity line of credit, assuming a purchase price equal to
$0.30.

         If all of the foregoing were fully issued, exercised and/or converted,
as the case may be, we would receive proceeds of approximately $88.7 million,
and we would have approximately 776.8 million shares of common stock
outstanding. The sale or availability for sale of this number of shares of
common stock in the public market could depress the market price of the common
stock. Additionally, the sale or availability for sale of this number of shares

                                       20

<PAGE>

may lessen the likelihood that additional equity financing will be available to
us, on favorable or unfavorable terms. Furthermore, the sale or availability for
sale of this number of shares could limit the annual amount of net operating
loss carryforwards that could be utilized.

PROJECTED EXPENSES

         During the next 12 months, we expect to incur significant expenditures
relating to operating expenses and expenses relating to regulatory filings and
clinical trials for Product R. We currently do not have cash available to meet
our anticipated expenditures.

         We are currently seeking additional financing. We anticipate that we
can continue operations through April 2003 with our current liquid assets, if
none of our outstanding options or warrants are exercised or additional
securities sold. Any proceeds received from the exercise of outstanding options
or warrants will contribute to working capital and increase our budget for
research and development and clinical trials and testing, assuming Product R
receives subsequent approvals to justify such increased levels of operation. The
recent prevailing market price for shares of common stock has from time to time
been below the exercise prices of certain of our outstanding options or
warrants. As such, recent trading levels may not be sustained nor may any
additional options or warrants be exercised. If none of the outstanding options
or warrants are exercised, and we obtain no other additional financing, in order
for us to achieve the level of operations contemplated by management, management
anticipates that we will have to materially limit operations. We anticipate that
we will be required to sell additional securities to obtain the funds necessary
to continue operations and further our research and development activities. We
are currently seeking debt financing, licensing agreements, joint ventures and
other sources of financing, but the likelihood of obtaining such financing on
favorable terms is uncertain. Management is not certain whether, at present,
debt or equity financing will be readily obtainable or whether it will be on
favorable terms. Because of the large uncertainties involved in the FDA approval
process for commercial drug use on humans, it is possible that we may never be
able to sell Product R commercially.

ITEM 7A.          QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

                  Not applicable.

ITEM 8.           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         The Independent Auditors' Report, Consolidated Financial Statements and
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements begin on page F-1.

ITEM 9.           CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
                  AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

                  None.

                                       21

<PAGE>

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.          DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

                                   MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS

         Our directors and executive officers and further information concerning
them are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NAME                                   AGE                      POSITION
----                                   ---                      --------
<S>                                    <C>     <C>
                                               President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Scientific Officer
Shalom Z. Hirschman, MD (1)             66     Director
Eli Wilner (1,2,3)                      47     Secretary, Chairman of the Board
Alan V. Gallantar                       45     Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer
David Seligman (1,2,3)                  64     Director
Nancy J. Van Sant (3)                   53     Director
Roy S. Walzer (2,3,4)                   55     Director
</TABLE>

 ------------------------

(1) Member of the Executive Management Committee.

(2) Member of the Audit Committee.

(3) Member of the Compensation Committee.

(4) Member of the Investment Analysis Committee.

         SHALOM Z. HIRSCHMAN, MD has been President, Chief Executive Officer and
a director since October 1996, and was Chairman of the Board from December 2001
until May 2002. Dr. Hirschman was Director of the Division of Infectious
Diseases and Professor of Medicine at Mount Sinai School of Medicine, New York,
New York, from May 1969 until October 1996.

         ELI WILNER, our Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors, has
been a director since December 2001 and Chairman of the Board since May 2002. He
is the founder and CEO of Eli Wilner & Company, a New York City art gallery
established in 1983, and is also a leading frame dealer, restorer, collector and
published author. Mr. Wilner was a Bryant Fellows Member of the Metropolitan
Museum of Art in New York City from 1990 to 2000 and since 1990 has been a
member of the Forum and Director's Circle of the National Museum of American Art
in Washington, D.C. Mr. Wilner is a graduate of Brandeis University, where he
received his B.A. in Fine Arts in 1976, and Hunter College, where he received
his M.A. in 1978.

         ALAN V. GALLANTAR has been Chief Financial Officer since October 1999
and Treasurer since December 2001. Mr. Gallantar was treasurer and controller
from 1998 to 1999 of AMBI Inc., a nutraceutical company, senior vice president
and chief financial officer from 1992 to 1997 of Bradley Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
a pharmaceutical manufacturer, and vice president and divisional controller from
1989 to 1991 for PaineWebber Incorporated. From 1985 to 1989, Mr. Gallantar was
second vice president at The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A., and from 1983 to 1985,
was a senior accountant at Philip Morris Incorporated. From 1979 to 1983, Mr.
Gallantar was a senior accountant in the audit department of Deloitte & Touche.

         DAVID SELIGMAN, a director since December 2001, is a partner and
founder of the Law Office of David Seligman, established in 1995. Since 1997,
Mr. Seligman has been a consulting attorney to Gibbons, Del Deo, Dolan,
Griffinger and Vecchione, a New Jersey based law firm. Mr. Seligman has over
thirty years of legal experience in the pharmaceutical industry, twenty-five of
which were spent supervising the activities of law department attorneys and
outside counsel. From 1989 to 1995, Mr. Seligman was Associate Vice President
and responsible for the general legal activities of various divisions of
Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. Mr. Seligman is a member of the New York and New Jersey
State Bar Associations, and sits on the boards of Oxford Pharmaceutical
Services, Inc. and Greenbrook Pharmaceuticals, LLC. Mr. Seligman graduated from
Columbia University, College of Pharmacy (B.S.) in 1959, Fordham University
School of Law (J.D.) in 1962, and New York University School of Law (L.L.M.) in
1966.

                                       22

<PAGE>

         NANCY J. VAN SANT, ESQ., a director since May 2002, has been a director
of the Miami, Florida law firm of Sacher, Zelman, Van Sant, Paul, Beiley,
Hartman, Terzo & Waldman, P.A. and/or its predecessors since 1992. From 1977
through 1990, Ms. Van Sant was an attorney with the SEC serving as Regional
Trial Counsel and Chief of the Branch of Investigations and Enforcement.

         ROY S. WALZER was appointed to the Board of Directors in June 2002.
Since 1987, Mr. Walzer has been the President of the private investment firms
Litchfield Partners, Ltd. and the Managing Partner of Litchfield Partners I
since 1999, which firms invest in pharmaceuticals, biotech and technology
companies. Prior to founding Litchfield Partners, Mr. Walzer served as Executive
Vice President and General Counsel with Sealy Connecticut from 1976 to 1986.

         Richard Kent, MD resigned as a member of our Board of Directors in
February 2003.

         Directors are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of
stockholders and until their successors have been elected and have qualified.

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION

         No interlocking relationships exist between any member of our board of
directors and any other company's board of directors or compensation committee.

         EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. On May 1, 2002, we established an
Executive Management Committee, which has been delegated the authority to
oversee the strategic management of Advanced Viral. Messrs. Wilner and Seligman
and Dr. Hirschman serve as members of the Executive Management Committee.

         AUDIT COMMITTEE. In late December 2001, we established an Audit and
Compensation Committee, which in November 2002 was split into two separate
committees, the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. The Audit
Committee, the current members of which are Eli Wilner, David Seligman and Roy
Walzer, recommends to the board of directors the independent certified public
accountants to be selected to audit our annual financial statements and will
approve any special assignments given to those accountants. The Committee also
will review the planned scope of the annual audit, the independent accountants'
letter of comments and management's response thereto regarding any major
accounting changes made or contemplated and the effectiveness and efficiency of
our internal accounting staff.

         COMPENSATION COMMITTEE. The Compensation Committee, the current members
of which are Eli Wilner, David Seligman, Nancy Van Sant and Roy Walzer, makes
recommendations to the board of directors regarding the compensation payable to
our executive officers, and reviews general policies relating to the
compensation and benefits of our employees.

         INVESTMENT ANALYSIS COMMITTEE. In July 2002, we established an
Investment Analysis Committee, which has been delegated the authority to analyze
financing and investment alternatives for Advanced Viral. Mr.Walzer serves as
the sole member of this committee.

ITEM 11.          EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

DIRECTORS

         We currently do not pay directors fees for their attendance at meetings
of the board of directors. Advanced Viral may revisit this position in the
future. The directors are reimbursed for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with their attendance at meetings.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

         The following table summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by
or paid to (a) our Chief Executive Officer and (b) our other executive officers
whose total salary and bonus exceeded $100,000 (together, the "Named Executive
Officers") for services rendered in all capacities to us during the years
indicated.

                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

                                       23

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            LONG TERM
                                          ANNUAL COMPENSATION                          COMPENSATION AWARDS
                                          -------------------                          -------------------
           NAME AND                                           OTHER ANNUAL    SECURITIES UNDERLYING      ALL OTHER
      PRINCIPAL POSITION       YEAR    SALARY   BONUS (1)    COMPENSATION (2)    OPTIONS/SARS (3)     COMPENSATION (4)
      ------------------       ----    ------   ---------    ----------------    ----------------     ----------------
<S>                            <C>    <C>       <C>          <C>              <C>                     <C>
Shalom Z. Hirschman, MD,       2002   $361,000   $25,000        $26,800                                  $ 17,865
Chairman December 2001 to May  2001   $361,000   $25,000        $30,192               ---                $ 21,270
2002, President, Chief         2000   $361,000   $     0        $30,775               ---                $  4,540
Executive Officer and Chief
Scientific Officer since
October 1996 and consultant
from May 24, 1995 until
October 1996.

Alan V. Gallantar,             2002   $223,000   $22,500        $ 6,000               ---                     ---
Chief Financial Officer since  2001   $225,000   $25,000        $ 6,000               ---                     ---
October 1999; Treasurer since  2000   $200,000   $25,000        $21,000               ---                     ---
December 2001.

William Bregman,               2002       n/a        n/a            n/a               n/a                     n/a
Secretary and director from    2001   $70,000        ---            ---               ---                $150,000 (5)
1985 until December 2001,      2000   $60,000        ---            ---               ---                $  2,500 (4)
treasurer from 1985 to 1999.

Bernard Friedland,             2002       n/a        n/a            n/a               n/a                     n/a
Chairman of Advanced Viral     2001   $70,000        ---            ---               ---                $150,000 (5)
and President of subsidiary    2000   $60,000        ---            ---               ---                $  1,800 (4)
Advance Viral Research Ltd.
from 1985 to December 2001.
</TABLE>

----------------------
(1) With respect to Dr. Hirschman, represents portion of bonus paid to Dr.
Hirschman pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement in connection with
the IND number granted by the FDA. The remaining $50,000 due has been accrued as
of December 31, 2002.

(2) Other Annual Compensation for Dr. Hirschman includes medical insurance
premiums paid by Advanced Viral on his behalf, and aggregate incremental cost to
Advanced Viral of Dr. Hirschman's automobile lease, gas, oil, repairs and
maintenance. Other Annual Compensation for Mr. Gallantar includes an automobile
allowance of $500 per month and allowance for moving expenses of approximately
$15,000.

(3) Includes all options granted during fiscal years shown. No stock
appreciation rights were granted with any options.

(4) Represents the dollar value of insurance premiums paid by or on behalf of
Advanced Viral with respect to term life insurance for the benefit of the Named
Executive Officers.

(5) Represents payments made to Messrs. Bregman and Friedland pursuant to the
terms of the severance agreements discussed below.

                                       24

<PAGE>

         The following table sets forth certain summary information concerning
exercised and unexercised options to purchase our common stock as of December
31, 2002 held by the Named Executive Officers. No options were exercised during
the year ended December 31, 2002 by the Named Executive Officers.

                         AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN
                   LAST FISCAL YEAR AND YEAR-END OPTION VALUES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               NUMBER OF SECURITIES      VALUE OF UNEXERCISED IN-THE-
                                SHARES                        UNDERLYING UNEXERCISED           MONEY OPTIONS AT
                             ACQUIRED ON        VALUE       OPTIONS AT FISCAL YEAR-END          FISCAL YEAR-END
NAME                         EXERCISE (#)    REALIZED(1)    EXERCISABLE/UNEXERCISABLE      EXERCISABLE/UNEXERCISABLE
----                         ------------    -----------    -------------------------      -------------------------
<S>                          <C>             <C>            <C>                          <C>
Shalom Z. Hirschman, M.D.         0              N/A              39,100,000 / 0                $0 / $0 (2)(3)

Alan V. Gallantar                 0              N/A              4,547,880 / 0                 $0 / $0 (2)(4)

William Bregman                   0              N/A                  0 / 0                         $0 / $0

Bernard Friedland                 0              N/A                  0 / 0                         $0 / $0
</TABLE>

-------------------------

(1) Based on the difference between the average of the high and low bid prices
per share of the common stock as reported by the Bulletin Board on the date of
exercise, and the exercise or base price.

(2) Based on the difference between the average of the closing bid and ask
prices per share of the common stock as reported by the Bulletin Board on
December 31, 2002, $0.08, and the exercise or base price of in-the-money stock
options.

(3) As of December 31, 2002, Dr. Hirschman held options to purchase 4,100,000
shares of common stock at $0.18 per share; 4,000,000 shares of common stock at
$0.19 per share; 4,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.27 per share; 4,000,000
shares of common stock at $0.36 per share, and 23,000,000 shares of common stock
at $0.27, all of which are currently exercisable.

(4) As of December 31, 2002, Mr. Gallantar held options to purchase 4,547,880
shares of common stock at $0.24255 per share, all of which were exercisable as
of such date.

EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS, TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND CHANGE-IN-CONTROL
ARRANGEMENTS

HIRSCHMAN EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         Pursuant to an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of
May 12, 2000 between Advanced Viral and Dr. Hirschman, we employ Dr. Hirschman
on a full business time basis as our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Scientific Officer and Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board, with duties
including supervising our day-to-day operations, including management of
scientific, medical, financial, regulatory and corporate matters, establishing
appropriate laboratory, executive and other facilities on our behalf, and
raising additional capital on our behalf.

         Pursuant to the agreement, the term of Dr. Hirschman's employment
continues until December 31, 2002 and will continue for one year periods
thereafter unless either we or Dr. Hirschman gives the other notice at least two
years in advance that such one year automatic extension shall be vitiated. If
the agreement is terminated by us for cause, we may cancel all unvested stock
options, benefits under stock bonus plans and stock appreciation rights ("SARs")
granted to Dr. Hirschman. If the agreement is terminated by Dr. Hirschman for
cause, we are required to pay to Dr. Hirschman his annual salary and employee
benefits through the remainder of the then current term. In July 2002, we gave
Dr. Hirschman notice that the agreement would not be extended after December
2004.

         Pursuant to the agreement, Dr. Hirschman receives an annual salary of
$361,000, payable in equal biweekly installments. The agreement also entitles
Dr. Hirschman to a major medical insurance policy, disability policy and dental
policy insurance to Dr. Hirschman and his dependents that is reasonably
acceptable to the parties, and a term life insurance policy at least in the
amount of $1,000,000, with a beneficiary to be designated by Dr. Hirschman. The
agreement further provides that we shall:

             -   take such action as may be necessary to permit Dr. Hirschman to
                 be entitled to participate in stock option, stock bonus or
                 similar plans (including plans for SARs) as are established by
                 us;

                                       25

<PAGE>

             -   lease or purchase for Dr. Hirschman, at his discretion, an
                 automobile selected and to be used by him, having a list price
                 not in excess of $40,000, and pay for all gas, oil, repairs and
                 maintenance, as well as the lease or purchase payments, as
                 applicable, in connection with the automobile;

             -   reimburse Dr. Hirschman for all of his proven expenses incurred
                 in and about the course of his employment that are deductible
                 under the current tax law, including, among other expenses, his
                 license fees, membership dues in professional organizations,
                 subscriptions to professional journals, necessary travel, hotel
                 and entertainment expenses incurred in connection with
                 overnight, out-of-town trips that contribute to the benefit of
                 us in the reasonable determination of Dr. Hirschman, and all
                 other expenses that may be pre-approved by our board of
                 directors; and

             -   provide not less than four weeks paid vacation annually and
                 such paid sick or other leave as we provide to all of our
                 employees.

                 The agreement also provides for the payment of $100,000 to Dr.
Hirschman on the earlier to occur of (i) the date an IND number is obtained from
and approved by the FDA so that human research may be conducted using Product R;
or (ii) the execution of an agreement relating to co-marketing pursuant to which
one or more third parties commit to make payments to us of at least $15 million.
On September 4, 2001, the Company received an IND number from the FDA. To date,
approximately $50,000 of the $100,000 bonus described above has been paid to Dr.
Hirschman, and $50,000 has been accrued.

         The agreement further provides that Dr. Hirschman is not authorized,
without the express written consent of the board of directors and other than in
the ordinary course of business, to pledge the credit of Advanced Viral, to bind
us, to release or discharge any debt due us unless we have received payment in
full, or to dispose (as collateral or otherwise) of all or substantially all of
our assets.

         Dr. Hirschman has agreed that he will assign to us all patents he
develops which result from his knowledge acquired while performing his duties
under the agreement, and that, if his employment under the agreement is
terminated by us "for cause" or by Dr. Hirschman otherwise than "for cause," as
specified in that agreement, he will not, directly or indirectly, compete with
us for three years after termination or solicit our employees to leave our
employ for one year after termination.

         Pursuant to the execution of the agreement, we ratified a $100,000
bonus payment made to Dr. Hirschman in February 1998 and the February 1998 grant
to Dr. Hirschman of options to acquire 23,000,000 shares of common stock
exercisable at $0.27 per share at any time through February 17, 2008 or (i) 90
days after (A) the termination of Dr. Hirschman's employment (other than for
good reason or upon the occurrence of a change in control, in which two cases
Dr. Hirschman may exercise such options until the expiration of the original
term, or (B) Dr. Hirschman is terminated for cause, or (ii) until 18 months
after death.

         SEVERANCE AGREEMENTS

         On December 3, 2001, William Bregman, Bernard Friedland and Louis
Silver resigned as officers and directors of Advanced Viral upon the terms and
conditions of separate Severance Agreements (the "Severance Agreements"), and
James F. Dicke II, Christopher Forbes, David Seligman, and Eli Wilner were
appointed to the board of directors of Advanced Viral. The resignations of
Messrs. Bregman, Friedland and Silver were not due to any disagreement with
Advanced Viral on any matter relating to Advanced Viral's operations, policies
or practices.

         In connection with their resignation, we paid $150,000 in one lump sum
to each of Messrs. Bregman and Friedland, and $2,500 to Mr. Silver. In addition,
the Severance Agreements provide as follows:

             -   That Messrs. Bregman and Friedland shall have the combined
                 right until November 29, 2003 to appoint one additional member
                 to the Board of Directors of Advanced Viral reasonably
                 acceptable to Advanced Viral, so long as both Messrs. Bregman
                 and Friedland own shares of Advanced Viral. The
                 Bregman/Friedland designee, if appointed, shall serve on
                 Advanced Viral's Board of Directors until his successor is duly
                 elected and qualified, and may be removed as a member of the
                 Board of Directors of Advanced Viral, with or without cause, by
                 the affirmative vote of the members of

                                       26

<PAGE>

                 Advanced Viral's then Board of Directors at any time following
                 the date which is the earlier to occur of: (i) November 29,
                 2003 or (ii) the complete divestiture of both Messrs. Bregman's
                 and Friedland's ownership in Advanced Viral.

             -   All agreements regarding the voting or disposition of shares of
                 common stock of Advanced Viral held by each of Messrs. Bregman
                 and Friedland are terminated.

             -   Advanced Viral shall have a right of first refusal to purchase
                 shares of common stock owned by Messrs. Bregman and Friedland
                 upon the receipt by Messrs. Bregman or Friedland, as the case
                 may be, of a bona fide offer from an unrelated third party to
                 purchase such shares in an "on-the-market" or "off-the-market"
                 transaction, upon the terms set forth in the Severance
                 Agreements.

             -   With respect to the election of directors and compensation
                 packages for directors of Advanced Viral, each of Messrs.
                 Bregman and Friedland agreed to grant Advanced Viral an
                 irrevocable proxy to vote all the shares of its common stock
                 they beneficially own at any annual, special or adjourned
                 meeting of the stockholders of Advanced Viral until the earlier
                 to occur of November 29, 2003 or, as to those shares sold, the
                 date of the sale of such shares by Messrs. Bregman or
                 Friedland, as the case may be, to one or more unrelated third
                 parties in a bona fide sale after Messrs. Bregman or Friedland,
                 as the case may be, shall have first complied with Advanced
                 Viral's right of first refusal described in the Severance
                 Agreements.

             -   Advanced Viral agreed, to the fullest extent permitted by
                 Delaware law and its charter documents, to indemnify each of
                 Messrs. Bregman, Friedland and Silver for all amounts
                 (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred or paid in
                 connection with any action, proceeding, suit or investigation
                 arising out of or relating to their performance of services for
                 Advanced Viral.

             -   Advanced Viral agreed to continue the directors' and officers'
                 liability insurance for each of Messrs. Bregman, Friedland and
                 Silver until November 29, 2007.

         In connection with satisfying our financial obligations to our retiring
directors under the Severance Agreements, we obtained a loan in the amount of
$200,000 from our Chief Financial Officer, Alan Gallantar, as evidenced by a
Demand Promissory Note dated December 14, 2001 (the "Note"). We were obligated
to repay the Note upon our receipt of proceeds upon the consummation of new
financing. The Note was repaid in full on December 17, 2001.

ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP. CASH OR DEFERRED PLAN AND TRUST (401(k))

         Advanced Viral has adopted a 401(k) plan that allows eligible employees
to contribute up to 20% of their salary, subject to annual limits, which were
$10,500 in 2001. We match 50% of the first 6% of the employee contributions with
our common stock and may from time to time, at our discretion, make additional
contributions based upon earnings. In May 2002 we funded our matching
contribution of approximately $33,000 for the year ended December 31, 2001 by
purchasing our common stock in open market transactions. At December 31, 2002
the Company accrued $40,675 to fund the 401k plan representing the Company's
match for the plan year 2002. We intend to purchase our common stock in the open
market at prevailing market prices to satisfy our 2002 matching contribution
obligations. In March 2003, we amended the terms of the 401(k) plan to terminate
our obligation to make matching contributions.

                                       27

<PAGE>

PERFORMANCE GRAPH

         SEC rules require that a line graph performance presentation be
provided comparing cumulative total stockholder return with a performance
indicator of a broad market index and a nationally recognized industry index.
The graph and table set forth below compare the cumulative total stockholder
return on Advanced Viral's Common Stock for 1997 through 2002 with the Dow Jones
Pharmaceuticals Index and the Dow Jones Equity Market Index for the same period.
The graph and table assume an investment of $100 in the Common Stock and each
index on December 31, 1996 and the reinvestment of all dividends, if any.

                         5-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               12/97        12/98       12/99        12/00       12/01        12/02
                                               -----        -----       -----        -----       -----        -----
<S>                                           <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>
Advanced Viral Research Corp.                 100.00       109.61       98.70       168.83      137.66        41.56
Dow Jones Pharmaceuticals                     100.00       124.90      153.28       139.07      122.50        95.45
Dow Jones Equity Market                       100.00       148.67      133.94       185.78      155.22       123.59
</TABLE>

                 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*
      AMONG ADVANCED VIRAL RESH CORP., THE DOW JONES US TOTAL MARKET INDEX
                   AND THE DOW JONES US PHARMACEUTICALS INDEX

              [COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN GRAPH]

* $100 invested on 12/31/97 in stock or index-including reinvestment of
dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.

                                       28

<PAGE>

ITEM 12.          SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
                  AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

         The following table sets forth certain information regarding the common
shares of Advanced Viral owned as of March 28, 2003: (i) by each person who
beneficially owns more than 5% of the common shares, (ii) by each of our
directors, (iii) by each of our Named Executive Officers identified in the
Summary Compensation Table above and (iv) by all directors and executive
officers of Advanced Viral as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, each
person listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect to such
common shares.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER                                             NUMBER OF SHARES (1)       PERCENTAGE OWNERSHIP
------------------------                                             --------------------       --------------------
<S>                                                                  <C>                        <C>
   Bernard Friedland(2, 3)                                                32,541,730                    6.9%
   William Bregman (2, 4)                                                 38,146,988                    8.1%
   Shalom Z. Hirschman, MD(5)                                             39,100,000                    7.6%
   Eli Wilner(7)                                                           4,533,900                     *
   Alan V. Gallantar(6)                                                    4,547,880                     *
   David Seligman(8)                                                       1,887.500                     *
   Nancy J. Van Sant(8)                                                      937,500                     *
   Roy Walzer(8)                                                           1,041,300                     *
ALL DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AS A GROUP (6 PERSONS)               52,048,080                    9.9%
</TABLE>

------------------------
 *  Represents less than 1%

(1) Shares beneficially owned include shares that may be acquired pursuant to
the exercise of outstanding stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of
March 28, 2003.

(2) Pursuant to their severance agreements with Advanced Viral, each of Messrs.
Bregman and Friedland have granted to Advanced Viral, with respect to the
election of directors and compensation packages for directors of Advanced Viral,
an irrevocable proxy to vote such shares of common stock at any stockholders
meeting until the earlier to occur of November 29, 2003 or as to those shares
sold, the date of the sale of such shares by either Mr. Bregman or Mr.
Friedland, as the case may be, to one or more unrelated parties.

(3) Includes 20,000,000 shares owned by Mr. Friedland and Shirley Friedland, his
spouse, as joint tenants; and 400,000 shares owned by the B&SD Friedland
Foundation, a not-for-profit foundation controlled by Mr. Friedland. Does not
include 15,000 shares owned by Shirley Friedland as to which Mr. Friedland
disclaims beneficial ownership.

(4) Includes 21,758,614 shares held in a trust for which Mr. Bregman is the sole
trustee and sole beneficiary; 165,000 shares owned by Carol Bregman, his
daughter; 165,000 shares owned by Janet Berlin, his daughter; 165,000 shares
owned by Forest Berlin, his grandson; 165,000 shares owned by Jessica Berlin,
his granddaughter; and 55,000 shares owned by David Berlin, his son-in-law.

(5) Represents 39,100,000 shares that may be acquired pursuant to currently
exercisable options to purchase common stock. Dr. Hirschman is the President,
CEO and a Director of Advanced Viral Research Corp.

(6) Represents shares that may be acquired pursuant to currently exercisable
stock options. Mr. Gallantar is the CFO and Treasurer of Advanced Viral Research
Corp.

(7) Includes (i) 750,000 shares issuable pursuant to currently exercisable
outstanding warrants; (ii) 2,087,500 shares that may be acquired pursuant to
currently exercisable stock options; (iii) 362,500 shares beneficially owned by
his wife Barbara Ann Brennan; and (iv) 50,000 shares beneficially owned by his
step-daughter Celia Conaway. Mr. Wilner is the Secretary and Chairman of the
Board of Directors of Advanced Viral Research Corp.

(8) Represents shares that may be acquired pursuant to currently exercisable
stock options. The persons listed are Directors of Advanced Viral Research Corp.

                                       29

<PAGE>

ITEM 13.          CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         We have granted stock options to certain of our executive officers, as
described under the caption "Executive Compensation." We have entered into an
employment agreement with our chief executive officer, and have entered into
severance agreements with certain of our former officers and directors as
described under the caption "Employment Contracts and Termination of Employment
and Change-in-Control Arrangements."

         In November 2002, we retained Sacher, Zelman, Van Sant, Paul, Beiley,
Hartman, Terzo & Waldman, P.A., a law firm of which Ms. Van Sant is a partner,
to provide legal services in connection with certain legal proceedings. For the
fiscal year ended December 2002 we were billed approximately $69,000 and have
paid approximately $40,000 to date. From January through March 24, 2003, we were
billed approximately $109,000 and have paid approximately $55,000 to date.

         Article 9 of our Certificate of Incorporation contains the following
provision with respect to indemnification of directors and officers:

         "The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145
         of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same
         may be amended and supplemented, indemnify any and all persons whom it
         shall have power to indemnify under said section from and against any
         and all of the expenses, liabilities or other matters referred to in or
         covered by said section, and the indemnification provided for herein
         shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those
         indemnified may be entitled under any By-law, agreement, vote of
         stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action
         in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while
         holding such office, and shall continue as to a person, who has ceased
         to be director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the
         benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person."

         Delaware law also permits a corporation to purchase and maintain
insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer against
any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in such capacity or
arising out of his status as such, whether or not the corporation has the power
to indemnify him against that liability under Section 145 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law ("DGCL").

         Our Certificate of Incorporation was amended on December 30, 1987, to
limit or eliminate director liability by incorporating new Article 11, which
provides:

         "A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the
         Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
         fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach
         of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its
         stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which
         involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of laws, (iii)
         under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for
         any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
         benefit."

         The above discussion of our Certificate of Incorporation is not
intended to be exhaustive and is respectively qualified in its entirety by such
document.

         Pursuant to the foregoing, we currently maintain directors and officers
insurance coverage. We may be required to indemnify certain officers and
directors against liabilities that arise by reason of their status or service as
officers or directors. In certain circumstances, we may be required to advance
the expenses an officer or director incurs in legal proceedings. We believe that
the provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation are necessary to attract and
retain qualified persons as directors and officers.

ITEM 14.          CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

         We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports pursuant to the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief

                                       30

<PAGE>

Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely disclosure. In designing and
evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that
any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only
provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and
management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the
cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

         Within 90 days prior to March 27, 2003, we carried out an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-14(c) and 15d-14(c) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Based on the foregoing, our President and Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective as of the evaluation date.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS

         There have been no significant changes in our internal controls or in
other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the
date we carried out this evaluation, including any corrective actions with
regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15.          EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM
                  8-K

         (a) EXHIBITS. The following Exhibits are filed with this Report:

         1.       Financial Statements (see page F-1)

         2.       Exhibits: The Exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated
                  by reference as part of this report.

EXHIBIT
NUMBER     DESCRIPTION
-------    -----------
3.1        Certificate of Incorporation of Advanced Viral Research Corp.
           ("ADVR") (2)

3.2        Bylaws of ADVR, as amended(1)

3.3        Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of ADVR(2)

4.1        Specimen Certificate of Common Stock(1)

4.2        Specimen Warrant Certificate(1)

4.3        Warrant Agreement between ADVR and American Stock Transfer and Trust
           Company(1)

4.4        Forms of Common Stock Options and Agreements granted by ADVR to TRM
           Management Corp.(5)

4.5        Form of Common Stock Option and Agreement granted by ADVR to Plata
           Partners Limited Partnership(12)

4.6        Consulting Agreement, dated September 11, 1992, and Form of Common
           Stock granted by ADVR to Leonard Cohen(6)

4.7        Addendum to Agreement granted by ADVR to Shalom Z. Hirschman, MD
           dated March 24, 1996(10)

4.8        Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 16, 1998 by and between
           ADVR and RBB Bank AG. (11)(o)

4.9        7% Convertible Debenture dated November 16, 1998. (11)(o)

4.10       Warrant dated November 16, 1998 to purchase 375,000 shares of common
           stock at $0.20 per share. (11)(o)

4.11       Warrant dated November 16, 1998 to purchase 375,000 shares of common
           stock at $0.24 per share. (11)(o)

4.12       Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 22, 1998 by and between
           ADVR and various purchasers. (15)

4.13       Form of Warrant dated December 22, 1998 to purchase shares of common
           stock of ADVR at $0.2040 per share. (15)

4.14       Form of Warrant dated December 22, 1998 to purchase shares of common
           stock of ADVR at $0.2448 per share. (15)

4.15       Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 23, 1999 by and between ADVR
           and various purchasers. (15)

4.16       Form of Warrant dated June 23, 1999 to purchase shares of common
           stock of ADVR at $0.324 per share. (15)

4.17       Form of Warrant dated June 23, 1999 to purchase shares of common
           stock of ADVR at $0.378 per share. (15)

4.18       Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 3, 1999 by and between
           ADVR and Focus Investors, LLC. (15)

4.19       Form of 7% Convertible Debenture dated August 3, 1999. (15)

4.20       Form of Warrant dated August 3, 1999 to purchase 50,000 shares of
           common stock at $0.2461 per share. (15)

4.21       Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 28, 1999 between ADVR
           and Endeavour Capital Fund S.A. (16)

4.22       Form of 7% Convertible Debenture dated December 28, 1999. (16)

4.23       Form of Warrant dated December 28, 1999 to purchase shares of common
           stock at $0.19916667 per share. (16)

                                       31

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT
NUMBER     DESCRIPTION
-------    -----------
4.24       Form of Warrant dated February 7, 2000 to purchase shares of common
           stock at $0.21 per share. (17)

4.25       Form of Warrant dated February 7, 2000 to purchase shares of common
           stock at $0.26 per share. (17)

4.26       Form of Warrant dated February 16, 2000 to purchase shares of common
           stock at $0.275 per share. (17)

4.27       Form of Warrant dated February 16, 2000 to purchase shares of common
           stock at $0.33 per share. (17)

4.28       Form of Class A Warrant dated September 18, 2000 to purchase
           5,000,000 shares of common stock. (19)

4.29       Form of Class B Warrant dated September 18, 2000 to purchase
           5,000,000 shares of common stock. (19)

4.30       Form of Class A Warrant dated February 9, 2001 to purchase 5,000,000
           shares of common stock. (21)

4.31       Form of Class B Warrant dated February 9, 2001 to purchase 5,000,000
           shares of common stock. (21)

10.1       Declaration of Trust by Bernard Friedland and William Bregman in
           favor of ADVR dated November 16, 1987(12)

10.2       Clinical Trials Agreement, dated September 19, 1990, between Clinique
           Medical Actuel and ADVR. (3)

10.3       Letter, dated March 15, 1991 to ADVR from Health Protection Branch(3)

10.4       Agreement dated August 20, 1991 between TRM Management Corp. and
           ADVR. (11)(a)

10.5       Lease dated December 18, 1991 between Bayview Associates, Inc. and
           ADVR. (4)

10.6       Lease Agreement, dated February 16, 1993 between Stortford Brickell
           Inc. and ADVR. (7)

10.7       Consulting Agreement dated February 28, 1993 between Leonard Cohen
           and ADVR. (8)

10.8       Medical Advisor Agreement, dated as of September 14, 1993, between
           Lionel Resnick, MD and ADVR. (11)(b)

10.9       Agreement, dated November 9, 1993, between Dormer Laboratories Inc.
           and ADVR. (12)

10.10      Exclusive Distribution Agreement, dated April 25, 1994, between
           C.U.R.E. Pharmaceutical Corp. and ADVR. (11)(c)

10.11      Exclusive Distribution Agreement, dated as of June 1, 1994, between
           C.U.R.E. Pharmaceutica Central Americas Ltd. and ADVR. (11)(d)

10.12      Exclusive Distribution Agreement dated as of June 17, 1994 between
           DCT S.R.L. and ADVR, as amended(11)(e)

10.13      Contract, dated as of October 25, 1994 between Commonwealth
           Pharmaceuticals of the Channel Islands and ADVR. (11)(f)

10.14      Agreement dated May 24, 1995 between ADVR and Deborah Silver(9)

10.15      Agreement dated May 29, 1995 between ADVR and Shalom Z. Hirschman,
           MD(9)

10.16      Exclusive Distribution Agreement, dated as of June 2, 1995, between
           AVIX International Pharmaceutical Corp. and ADVR. (12)

10.17      Supplement to Exclusive Distribution Agreement, dated November 2,
           1995 with Commonwealth Pharmaceuticals(12)

10.18      Exclusive Distributorship & Limited License Agreement, dated December
           28, 1995, between AVIX International Pharmaceutical Corp., Beijing
           Unistone Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and ADVR. (11)(g)

10.19      Modification Agreement, dated December 28, 1995, between AVIX
           International Pharmaceutical Corp. and ADVR. (11)(g)

10.20      Agreement dated April 1, 1996, between DCT S.R.L. and ADVR. (11)(h)

10.21      Addendum, dated as of March 24, 1996, to Consulting Agreement between
           ADVR and Shalom Z. Hirschman, MD(10)

10.22      Addendum to Agreement, dated July 11, 1996, between AVIX
           International Pharmaceutical Corp. and ADVR. (11)(i)

10.23      Employment Agreement, dated October 17, 1996, between ADVR and Shalom
           Z. Hirschman, MD(11)(j)

10.24      Lease, dated February 7, 1997 between Robert Martin Company, LLC and
           ADVR. (12)

10.25      Copy of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated February 21, 1997 between
           ADVR and Interfi Capital Group(11)(k)

10.26      Material Transfer Agreement-Cooperative Research And Development
           Agreement, dated March 13, 1997, between National Institute of
           Health, Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease
           Control and Prevention(11)(l)

10.27      Copy of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated September 26, 1997 between
           ADVR and RBB Bank AG. (11)(m)

10.28      Copy of Extension to Materials Transfer Agreement-Cooperative
           Research and Development Agreement, dated March 4, 1998, between
           National Institute of Health, Food and Drug Administration and the
           Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (13)

10.29      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated July 8, 1998 between
           ADVR and Shalom Z. Hirschman, MD(11)(n)

10.30      Agreement between ADVR and Angelo Chinnici, MD dated July 1, 1999.
           (14)

10.31      Consulting Agreement between ADVR and GloboMax LLC dated January 18,
           1999. (15)

10.32      Registration Rights Agreement dated August 3, 1999 between ADVR
           Research and Focus Investors LLC. (15)

10.33      Employment Agreement dated October 1, 1999 between ADVR and Alan V.
           Gallantar (15)

10.34      Registration Rights Agreement dated December 28, 1999 between ADVR
           and Endeavour Capital Fund, S.A. (16)

10.35      Consulting Agreement dated February 7, 2000 between ADVR and Harbor
           View Group, Inc.(17)

10.36      Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 16, 2000 between ADVR
           and Harbor View Group, Inc. (17)

10.37      Letter Agreement dated November 16, 1999 between ADVR and Bratskeir &
           Company. (18)

10.38      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated May 12, 2000 between
           ADVR and Shalom Z. Hirschman, MD (18)

10.39      Equity Line of Credit Agreement dated as of September 18, 2000
           between ADVR and Spinneret Financial Systems, Inc.(19)

10.40      Registration Rights Agreement dated as of September 18, 2000 between
           ADVR and Spinneret Financial Systems, Inc. (19)

10.41      Registration Rights Agreement dated as of September 18, 2000 between
           ADVR and May Davis Group, Inc.(19)

10.42      Placement Agent Agreement dated September 18, 2000 between ADVR and
           May Davis Group, Inc.(19)

                                       32

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT
NUMBER     DESCRIPTION
-------    -----------
10.43      Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated December 12, 2000 between
           Spinneret Financial Systems, Inc. and GMF Holdings Inc. (20)

10.44      Agreement to Waive Assignment Rights dated December 12, 2000 by GMF
           Holdings Inc. (20)

10.45      Termination Agreement dated January 22, 2001 between GMF Holdings,
           Inc., May Davis Group, Inc. and ADVR. (21)

10.46      Equity Line of Credit Agreement dated as of February 9, 2001 between
           ADVR and Cornell Capital Partners, LP. (21)

10.47      Registration Rights Agreement dated as of February 9, 2001 between
           ADVR and Cornell Capital Partners, LP.(21)

10.48      Registration Rights Agreement dated as of February 9, 2001 between
           ADVR and May Davis Group, Inc. (21)

10.49      Placement Agent Agreement dated February 9, 2001 between ADVR and May
           Davis Group, Inc. (21)

10.50      Agreement dated as of April 2, 2001 between ADVR and Selikoff Center
           of Ra'Anana, Israel. (22)

10.51      Agreement dated as of January 29, 2001 between ADVR and The Weizmann
           Institute of Science and Yeda. (22)

10.52      Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 8, 2000 by and between
           ADVR and various investors. (23)

10.53      Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 27, 2001 by and between ADVR
           and various investors. (23)

10.54      Severance Agreement dated November 29, 2001 by and between ADVR and
           William Bregman. (11)(p)

10.55      Severance Agreement dated November 29, 2001 by and between ADVR and
           Bernard Friedland. (11)(p)

10.56      Severance Agreement dated November 29, 2001 by and between ADVR and
           Louis Silver. (11)(p)

10.57      Promissory Note and Guaranty in favor of Alan V. Gallantar dated
           November 29, 2001 by ADVR. (11)(p)

10.58      Settlement Agreement dated March 20, 2002 by and among ADVR, Immune
           Modulation Maximum Corporation, Commonwealth Pharmaceuticals, Ltd,
           and Charles E. Miller. (24)

10.59      Termination Agreement dated May 30, 2002 between ADVR and Harbor View
           Group, Inc. (25)

10.60      Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 30, 2002 between ADVR and O.
           Frank Rushing and Justine Simoni, as joint tenants. (25)

10.61      Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 3, 2002 between ADVR and
           James F. Dicke III. (25)

10.62      Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 15, 2002 between ADVR and
           Peter Lunder. (25)

10.63      Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 9, 2002 between ADVR
           and various investors. 11(q)

10.64      Form of Warrant dated September 9, 2002 between ADVR and various
           investors. 11(q)

10.65      Registration Rights Agreement dated September 9, 2002 between ADVR
           and various investors. 11(q)

10.66      Agreement dated May 1, 2002 (effective September 2002) between
           Advanced Viral Research Corp. and EnviroGene LLC. (26)

10.67      Agreement dated October 8, 2002 between Advanced Viral Research Corp.
           and Quintiles Israel Ltd. (26)

21.1       Subsidiaries of Registrant: Advance Viral Research Ltd., a Bahamian
           corporation.

31.1       Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of
           the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*

31.2       Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of
           the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*

32.1       Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of
           the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*

32.2       Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of
           the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*

---------------------------
*      Filed herewith.

1.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits our
       registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, File No. 33-33895, filed
       with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 19, 1990.

2.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       registration statement on Form S-18, File No. 33-2262-A, filed with the
       Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 1989.

3.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1990.

4.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-K for period ended March 31, 1991.

5.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991.

6.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 1992.

7.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

8.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended March 31, 1993.

9.     Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 1995.

10.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended March 31, 1996.

11.    Incorporated by reference herein to our Current Reports on Form 8-K and
       exhibits thereto as follows:

       (a)   A report on Form 8-K dated January 3, 1992.
       (b)   A report on Form 8-K dated September 14, 1993.
       (c)   A report on Form 8-K dated April 25, 1994.
       (d)   A report on Form 8-K dated June 3, 1994.
       (e)   A report on Form 8-K dated June 17, 1994.
       (f)   A report on Form 8-K dated October 25, 1994.
       (g)   A report on Form 8-K dated December 28, 1995.
       (h)   A report on Form 8-K dated April 22, 1996.

                                       33


<PAGE>

       (i)   A report on Form 8-K dated July 12, 1996.
       (j)   A report on Form 8-K dated October 17, 1996.
       (k)   A report on Form 8-K dated February 21, 1997.
       (l)   A report on Form 8-K dated March 25, 1997.
       (m)   A report on Form 8-K dated September 26, 1997.
       (n)   A report on Form 8-K dated July 21, 1998.
       (o)   A report on Form 8-K dated November 24, 1998.
       (p)   A report on Form 8-K dated December 3, 2001.
       (q)   A report on Form 8-K dated September 10, 2002.

12.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1996.

13.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997.

14.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998.

15.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, File No. 33-70523, filed
       with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 1999, and
       Amendment No. 5 thereto, declared effective on December 15, 1999.

16.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, File No. 333-94529, filed
       with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2000.

17.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999.

18.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, File No. 333-37974, filed
       with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 6, 2000.

19.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to
       Post-effective Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1,
       as amended, File No. 333-70523, filed with the Securities and Exchange
       Commission on September 25, 2000.

20.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-49038, filed with the
       Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2000 and amended
       pursuant to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the Commission on
       December 15, 2000.

21.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-55430, filed with the
       Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2001 and amended
       pursuant to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the Commission on
       February 13, 2000.

22.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

23.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-62788, filed with the
       Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2001 and amended pursuant
       to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the Commission on August 23,
       2001.

24.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001.

25.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2002.

26.    Documents incorporated by reference herein to certain exhibits to our
       Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2002.

         (b)      Reports on Form 8-K during and after the fiscal quarter ended
                  December 31, 2002: None.

ITEM 16.          PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

         Rachlin Cohen & Holtz LLP, independent certified public accountants,
are the principal independent accountants of Advanced Viral and its
subsidiaries. Advanced Viral's auditors are retained solely to provide audit and
audit-related services and advice with respect to tax matters, and have never
provided any other type of non-audit services to Advanced Viral or its
subsidiaries.

AUDIT FEES

         Rachlin Cohen & Holtz LLP billed Advanced Viral approximately $71,500
and $85,400 and were paid such amounts for 2002 and 2001, respectively, for the
following audit services: (i) audit of the annual consolidated financial
statements of Advanced Viral for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2002 and
2001; (ii) review of the interim financial statements of Advanced Viral included
in quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and quarterly reports to shareholders for the
periods ended March 31, June 30 and September 30, 2002 and 2001; (iii) the
provision of consent letters; and
                                       34

<PAGE>

(iv) review and advice in respect of accounting matters in connection with shelf
registration statement and prospectus filings of Advanced Viral and related
public offerings by Advanced Viral of its equity securities.

AUDIT-RELATED FEES

         No audit-related services were provided by Rachlin Cohen & Holtz LLP to
Advanced Viral during 2002 and 2001.

TAX FEES

         Rachlin Cohen & Holtz LLP billed Advanced Viral approximately $5,500
and $4,800 and were paid such amounts for 2002 and 2001, respectively, for the
following tax services: (i) tax compliance; (ii) tax planning; and (iii) tax
advice, including preparation of United States and state related tax filings.

ALL OTHER FEES

         No other services were provided by Rachlin Cohen & Holtz LLP to
Advanced Viral during 2002 and 2001.

AUDIT COMMITTEE PRE-APPROVAL POLICIES AND PROCEDURES

         The Company's Audit Committee has not adopted/enacted pre-approval
policies and procedures for audit and non-audit services. The Audit Committee of
Advanced Viral continues to monitor legislative and regulatory developments
concerning auditor independence and services that may be provided by independent
auditors to an audit client, including those developments under the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules issued by the SEC.

                                       35

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: December 23, 2003             ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP. (REGISTRANT)

                                    By: /s/ Eli Wilner
                                        --------------
                                         Eli Wilner
                                         President, Chief Executive Officer,
                                           Chairman

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Date: December 23, 2003             By:  /s/ Alan V. Gallantar
                                         -------------------------------------
                                         Alan V. Gallantar,
                                         Principal Financial and Accounting
                                         Officer

Date: December 23, 2003             By:  /s/ David Seligman
                                         -------------------------------------
                                         David Seligman, Director

Date: December 23, 2003             By:  /s/ Nancy Van Sant
                                         -------------------------------------
                                         Nancy Van Sant, Director

Date: December 23, 2003             By:  /s/ Roy Walzer
                                         -------------------------------------
                                         Roy Walzer, Director

Date:                               By:
                                         -------------------------------------
                                             Elma Hawkins, Director

                                       36
<PAGE>

                               INDEX OF EXHIBITS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                                Description
-----------                                -----------
<S>                <C>
   31.1            Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Item
                   601(b)(31) of Regulations S-K, as adopted pursuant to
                   Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

   31.2            Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Item
                   601(b)(31) of Regulations S-K, as adopted pursuant to
                   Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

   32.1            Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18
                   U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
                   the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

   32.2            Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18
                   U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
                   the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                       F-1

<PAGE>

               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

Stockholders and Directors
Advanced Viral Research Corp.
(A Development Stage Company)
Yonkers, New York

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Advanced Viral
Research Corp. (A Development Stage Company) as of December 31, 2002 and 2001,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and
cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31,
2002 and for the period from inception (February 20, 1984) to December 31, 2002.
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the management
of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Advanced Viral
Research Corp. (A Development Stage Company) as of December 31, 2002 and 2001
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years
in the three year period ended December 31, 2002 and for the period from
inception (February 20, 1984) to December 31, 2002 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company
will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company has suffered accumulated losses from
operations since its inception and its cash position may be inadequate to fund
the full range of testing required by the FDA in order to approve Product R for
sale. These issues raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

As discussed in Note 3 to the Company's financial statements, errors in the
valuation of certain options and warrants which resulted in an overstatement of
previously reported expenses for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and
2000 were discovered by the Company's management. Accordingly, the financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 have been
restated to correctly reflect the valuations of such options and warrants.

                            RACHLIN COHEN & HOLTZ LLP

Miami, Florida
February 21, 2003
Except for Note 3, as to which the date is December 18, 2003

                                       F-2
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                           DECEMBER 31, 2002 AND 2001

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  2002             2001
                                                               (Restated)        (Restated)
                                                               ------------     ------------
<S>                                                            <C>              <C>
                       ASSETS
Current Assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                   $  1,475,755     $  1,499,809
   Prepaid insurance                                                 86,368           51,702
   Assets held for sale                                             172,601          188,999
   Other current assets                                              35,527           11,460
                                                               ------------     ------------
         Total current assets                                     1,770,251        1,751,970

Property and Equipment, Net                                       2,244,118        2,818,045

Other Assets                                                        931,660          878,776
                                                               ------------     ------------
         Total assets                                          $  4,946,029     $  5,448,791
                                                               ============     ============

      LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current Liabilities:
   Accounts payable                                            $    417,061     $  1,620,150
   Accrued liabilities                                              137,646          223,556
   Current portion of capital lease obligation                      104,719           64,197
   Current portion of note payable                                   25,165           24,246
                                                               ------------     ------------
         Total current liabilities                                  684,591        1,932,149
                                                               ------------     ------------

Long-Term Debt:
   Convertible debenture, net                                     1,610,499                -
   Capital lease obligation                                           5,834           42,370
   Note payable                                                       4,879           32,198
                                                               ------------     ------------
         Total long-term debt                                     1,621,212           74,568
                                                               ------------     ------------

Common Stock Subscribed but not Issued                              883,900                -
                                                               ------------     ------------

Commitments, Contingencies and Subsequent Events                          -                -
                                                               ------------     ------------

Stockholders' Equity:

   Common stock; 1,000,000,000 shares of $.00001 par value
      authorized, 455,523,990 and 403,296,863 shares issued
       and outstanding                                                4,555            4,033
   Additional paid-in capital                                    51,141,177       43,877,955
   Deficit accumulated during the development stage             (49,098,231)     (39,777,166)
   Discount on warrants                                            (291,175)        (662,748)
                                                               ------------     ------------
         Total stockholders' equity                               1,756,326        3,442,074
                                                               ------------     ------------
         Total liabilities and stockholders' equity            $  4,946,029     $  5,448,791
                                                               ============     ============
</TABLE>


                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       F-2
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   Inception
                                                                                                 (February 20,
                                                        Year Ended December 31,                     1984) to
                                                        -----------------------                   December 31,
                                               2002               2001             2000               2002
                                               ----               ----             ----               ----
                                            (Restated)         (Restated)       (Restated)
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------
<S>                                        <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
Revenues                                   $           -     $      17,601     $       8,363     $     231,892
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------

Costs and Expenses:
   Research and development                    4,439,592         5,150,869         3,192,551        18,315,416
   General and administrative                  2,654,296         4,063,022         2,413,601        17,594,477
   Compensation and other expense for
      options and warrants                       883,762         1,048,108         1,901,927         3,558,872
   Depreciation                                  977,746           511,216           346,227         1,873,125
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
                                               8,955,396        10,773,215         7,854,306        41,341,890
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------

Loss from Operations                          (8,955,396)      (10,755,614)       (7,845,943)      (41,109,998)
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------

Other Income (Expense):
   Interest income                                27,659           113,812           161,832           901,435
   Other income                                        -                 -                 -           120,093
   Interest expense                             (192,174)          116,849          (908,220)       (7,130,068)
   Severance expense - former directors                -          (302,500)                -          (302,500)
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
                                                (164,515)          (71,839)         (746,388)       (6,411,040)
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------

Loss from Continuing Operations               (9,119,911)      (10,827,453)       (8,592,331)      (47,521,038)
Loss from Discontinued Operations               (201,154)         (259,114)         (223,861)       (1,577,193)
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------

Net Loss                                   $  (9,321,065)    $ (11,086,567)    $  (8,816,192)    $ (49,098,231)
                                           =============     =============     =============     =============

Net Loss Per Common Share
   Basic and Diluted:
      Continuing operations                $       (0.02)    $       (0.03)    $       (0.02)
      Discontinued operations                      (0.00)            (0.00)            (0.00)
                                           -------------     -------------     -------------
      Net loss                             $       (0.02)    $       (0.03)    $       (0.02)
                                           =============     =============     =============

Weighted Average Number of
   Common Shares Outstanding                 439,009,322       389,435,324       362,549,690
                                           =============     =============     =============
</TABLE>

                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       F-3
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2002

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Common Stock                           Deficit
                                                                            ------------                         Accumulated
                                                                    Amount                           Additional   during the
                                                                      Per                             Paid-In     Development
                                                                    Share      Shares      Amount     Capital       Stage
                                                                    -----      ------     ------      -------    ------------
<S>                                                                 <C>     <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>
Balance, inception (February 20, 1984) as previously reported                         -  $  1,000    $        -   $  (1,000)

Adjustment for pooling of interests                                                   -    (1,000)        1,000           -
                                                                            -----------  --------    ----------   ---------
Balance, inception, as restated                                                       -         -         1,000      (1,000)

Net loss, period ended December 31, 1984                                              -         -             -     (17,809)
                                                                            -----------  --------    ----------   ---------

Balance, December 31, 1984                                                            -         -         1,000     (18,809)

Issuance of common stock for cash                                    $0.00  113,846,154     1,138           170           -
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1985                                                -         -             -     (25,459)
                                                                            -----------  --------    ----------   ---------

Balance, December 31, 1985                                                  113,846,154     1,138         1,170     (44,268)

Issuance of common stock - public offering                            0.01   40,000,000       400       399,600           -
Issuance of underwriter's warrants                                                    -         -           100           -
Expenses of public offering                                                           -         -      (117,923)          -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of "A" warrants                    0.03      819,860         9        24,587           -
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1986                                                -         -             -    (159,674)
                                                                            -----------  --------    ----------   ---------

Balance, December 31, 1986                                                  154,666,014     1,547       307,534    (203,942)
                                                                            -----------  --------    ----------   ---------
</TABLE>

                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       F-4
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2002

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Common Stock                                     Deficit
                                                                    ------------                                   Accumulated
                                                           Amount                                   Additional      during the
                                                            Per                                      Paid-In        Development
                                                           Share       Shares          Amount        Capital          Stage
                                                           -----       ------          ------       ----------     ------------
<S>                                                      <C>         <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>
Balance, December 31, 1986                                           154,666,014    $     1,547     $  307,534      $ (203,942)

Issuance of common stock, exercise of "A" warrants       $   0.03     38,622,618            386      1,158,321               -
Expenses of stock issuance                                                     -              -        (11,357)              -
Acquisition of subsidiary for cash                                             -              -        (46,000)              -
Cancellation of debt due to stockholders                                       -              -         86,565               -
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1987                                         -              -              -        (258,663)
                                                                     -----------    -----------     ----------      ----------

Balance, December 31, 1987                                           193,288,632          1,933      1,495,063        (462,605)

Net loss, year ended December 31, 1988                                         -              -              -        (199,690)
                                                                     -----------    -----------     ----------      ----------

Balance, December 31, 1988                                           193,288,632          1,933      1,495,063        (662,295)

Net loss, year ended December 31, 1989                                         -              -              -        (270,753)
                                                                     -----------    -----------     ----------      ----------

Balance, December 31, 1989                                           193,288,632          1,933      1,495,063        (933,048)

Issuance of common stock, expiration of redemption
   offer on "B" warrants                                     0.05      6,729,850             67        336,475               -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of "B" warrants           0.05        268,500              3         13,422               -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of "C" warrants           0.08         12,900              -          1,032               -
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1990                                         -              -              -        (267,867)
                                                                     -----------    -----------     ----------      ----------

Balance, December 31, 1990                                           200,299,882          2,003      1,845,992      (1,200,915)
                                                                     -----------    -----------     ----------      ----------
</TABLE>

                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       F-5
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2002

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Common Stock                                 Deficit
                                                                     ------------                               Accumulated
                                                             Amount                               Additional     during the
                                                              Per                                   Paid-In     Development
                                                             Share       Shares        Amount      Capital        Stage
                                                             -----       ------        ------      -------     -----------
<S>                                                         <C>       <C>            <C>         <C>          <C>
Balance, December 31, 1990                                            200,299,882    $    2,003  $ 1,845,992  $ (1,200,915)

Issuance of common stock, exercise of "B" warrants          $  0.05        11,400             -          420             -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of "C" warrants             0.08         2,500             -          200             -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of underwriter warrants     0.12     3,760,000            38       45,083             -
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1991                                          -             -            -      (249,871)
                                                                      -----------    ----------  -----------  ------------

Balance, December 31, 1991                                            204,073,782         2,041    1,891,695    (1,450,786)

Issuance of common stock, for testing                          0.04    10,000,000           100      404,900             -
Issuance of common stock, for consulting services              0.06       500,000             5       27,495             -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of "B" warrants             0.05     7,458,989            75      372,875             -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of "C" warrants             0.08     5,244,220            52      419,487             -
Expenses of stock issuance                                                                            (7,792)
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1992                                          -             -            -      (839,981)
                                                                      -----------    ----------  -----------  ------------

Balance, December 31, 1992                                            227,276,991         2,273    3,108,660    (2,290,767)

Issuance of common stock, for consulting services              0.06       500,000             5       27,495             -
Issuance of common stock, for consulting services              0.03     3,500,000            35      104,965             -
Issuance of common stock, for testing                          0.04     5,000,000            50      174,950             -
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1993                                          -             -            -      (563,309)
                                                                      -----------    ----------  -----------  ------------

Balance, December 31, 1993                                            236,276,991         2,363    3,416,070    (2,854,076)
                                                                      -----------    ----------  -----------  ------------
</TABLE>

                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       F-6
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2002

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Common Stock
                                                               ------------
                                                      Amount                               Additional
                                                       Per                                  Paid-In    Subscription
                                                      Share       Shares        Amount      Capital     Receivable
                                                      -----       ------        ------    -----------  -----------
<S>                                                  <C>        <C>            <C>        <C>
Balance, December 31, 1993                                      236,276,991    $ 2,363    $ 3,416,070  $      --

Issuance of common stock, for consulting services    $  0.05      4,750,000         47        237,453         --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options           0.08        400,000          4         31,996         --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options           0.10        190,000          2         18,998         --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1994                                   --         --             --         --
                                                                -----------    -------    -----------  ---------

Balance, December 31, 1994                                      241,616,991      2,416      3,704,517         --

Issuance of common stock, exercise of options           0.05      3,333,333         33        166,633         --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options           0.08      2,092,850         21        167,407         --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options           0.10      2,688,600         27        268,833         --
Issuance of common stock, for consulting services       0.11      1,150,000         12        126,488         --
Issuance of common stock, for consulting services       0.14        300,000          3         41,997         --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1995                                   --         --             --         --
                                                                -----------    -------    -----------  ---------

Balance, December 31, 1995                                      251,181,774      2,512      4,475,875         --
                                                                -----------    -------    -----------  ---------

<CAPTION>
                                                           Deficit
                                                         Accumulated
                                                           during the   Deferred
                                                          Development  Compensation
                                                            Stage         Cost
                                                        -------------  ------------
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>
Balance, December 31, 1993                              $ (2,854,076)    $  --

Issuance of common stock, for consulting services                 --        --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                     --        --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                     --        --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1994                      (440,837)       --
                                                        ------------     -----

Balance, December 31, 1994                                (3,294,913)       --

Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                     --        --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                     --        --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                     --        --
Issuance of common stock, for consulting services                 --        --
Issuance of common stock, for consulting services                 --        --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1995                      (401,884)       --
                                                        ------------     -----

Balance, December 31, 1995                                (3,696,797)       --
                                                        ------------     -----
</TABLE>

                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       F-7
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.

                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2002

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Common Stock                                      Deficit
                                                        ------------                                     Accumulated
                                                 Amount                       Additional                  during the     Deferred
                                                  Per                          Paid-In     Subscription   Development  Compensation
                                                 Share     Shares    Amount    Capital      Receivable      Stage          Cost
                                                 -----     ------    ------  -----------   ------------  ------------  ------------
<S>                                              <C>    <C>          <C>     <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Balance, December 31, 1995                              251,181,774  $2,512  $ 4,475,875     $      -    $(3,696,797)  $        -

Issuance of common stock, exercise of options    $0.05    3,333,334      33      166,634            -              -            -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options     0.08    1,158,850      12       92,696            -              -            -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options     0.10    7,163,600      72      716,288            -              -            -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options     0.11      170,000       2       18,698            -              -            -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options     0.12    1,300,000      13      155,987            -              -            -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options     0.18    1,400,000      14      251,986            -              -            -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options     0.19      500,000       5       94,995            -              -            -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options     0.20      473,500       5       94,695            -              -            -
Issuance of common stock, for services rendered   0.50      350,000       3      174,997            -              -            -
Options granted                                                   -       -      760,500            -              -     (473,159)
Subscription receivable                                           -       -            -      (19,000)             -            -
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1996                            -       -            -            -     (1,154,740)           -
                                                        -----------  ------  -----------     --------    -----------   ----------

Balance, December 31, 1996                              267,031,058   2,671    7,003,351      (19,000)    (4,851,537)    (473,159)
                                                        -----------  ------  -----------     --------    -----------   ----------
</TABLE>

                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       F-8
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2002

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Common Stock
                                                           ------------
                                                   Amount                        Additional
                                                    Per                            Paid-In    Subscription
                                                   Share     Shares      Amount    Capital     Receivable
                                                   -----     ------      ------  -----------  ------------
<S>                                               <C>      <C>           <C>     <C>          <C>
Balance, December 31, 1996                                 267,031,058   $2,671  $ 7,003,351    $(19,000)

Issuance of common stock, exercise of options     $  0.08    3,333,333       33      247,633           -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt         0.20    1,648,352       16      329,984           -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt         0.15      894,526        9      133,991           -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt         0.12    2,323,580       23      269,977           -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt         0.15    1,809,524       18      265,982           -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt         0.16      772,201        8      119,992           -
Issuance of common stock, for services rendered      0.41       50,000        -       20,500           -
Issuance of common stock, for services rendered      0.24      100,000        1       23,999           -
Beneficial conversion feature, February debenture                    -        -      413,793           -
Beneficial conversion feature, October debenture                     -        -    1,350,000           -
Warrant costs, February debenture                                    -        -       37,242           -
Warrant costs, October debenture                                     -        -      291,555           -
Amortization of deferred compensation cost                           -        -            -           -
Imputed interest on convertible debenture                            -        -        4,768           -
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1997                               -        -            -           -
                                                           -----------   ------  -----------    --------

Balance, December 31, 1997                                 277,962,574    2,779   10,512,767     (19,000)
                                                           -----------   ------  -----------    --------

<CAPTION>
                                                     Deficit
                                                   Accumulated
                                                    during the     Deferred
                                                    Development  Compensation
                                                      Stage          Cost
                                                   ------------  ------------
<S>                                                <C>           <C>
Balance, December 31, 1996                         $(4,851,537)   $(473,159)

Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                -            -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                 -            -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                 -            -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                 -            -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                 -            -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                 -            -
Issuance of common stock, for services rendered              -            -
Issuance of common stock, for services rendered              -            -
Beneficial conversion feature, February debenture            -            -
Beneficial conversion feature, October debenture             -            -
Warrant costs, February debenture                            -            -
Warrant costs, October debenture                             -            -
Amortization of deferred compensation cost                   -      399,322
Imputed interest on convertible debenture                    -            -
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1997              (4,141,729)           -
                                                   -----------    ---------

Balance, December 31, 1997                          (8,993,266)     (73,837)
                                                   -----------    ---------
</TABLE>

                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       F-9
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2002

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          Common Stock
                                                          ------------
                                                   Amount                         Additional
                                                    Per                            Paid-In    Subscription
                                                   Share      Shares     Amount    Capital     Receivable
                                                   -----      ------    -------   ----------  ------------
<S>                                                <C>     <C>          <C>      <C>          <C>
Balance, December 31, 1997                                 277,962,574  $ 2,779  $10,512,767   $(19,000)

Issuance of common stock, exercise of options      $ 0.12      295,000        3       35,397          -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options        0.14      500,000        5       69,995          -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options        0.16      450,000        5       71,995          -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options        0.20       10,000        -        2,000          -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options        0.26      300,000        3       77,997          -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt         0.13    1,017,011       10      132,990          -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt         0.14    2,512,887       25      341,225          -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt         0.15    5,114,218       51      749,949          -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt         0.18    1,491,485       15      274,985          -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt         0.19    3,299,979       33      619,967          -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt         0.22    1,498,884       15      335,735          -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt         0.23    1,870,869       19      424,981          -
Issuance of common stock, for services rendered      0.21      100,000        1       20,999          -
Beneficial conversion feature, November debenture                    -        -      625,000          -
Warrant costs, November debenture                                    -        -       48,094          -
Amortization of deferred compensation cost                           -        -            -          -
Write off of subscription receivable                                 -        -      (19,000)    19,000
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1998                               -        -            -          -
                                                           -----------  -------  -----------   --------

Balance, December 31, 1998                                 296,422,907    2,964   14,325,076          -
                                                           -----------  -------  -----------   --------

<CAPTION>
                                                      Deficit
                                                    Accumulated
                                                     during the    Deferred
                                                    Development  Compensation
                                                       Stage         Cost
                                                   ------------  ------------
<S>                                                <C>           <C>
Balance, December 31, 1997                         $ (8,993,266)   $(73,837)

Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                 -           -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                 -           -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                 -           -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                 -           -
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                 -           -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                  -           -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                  -           -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                  -           -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                  -           -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                  -           -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                  -           -
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                  -           -
Issuance of common stock, for services rendered               -           -
Beneficial conversion feature, November debenture             -           -
Warrant costs, November debenture                             -           -
Amortization of deferred compensation cost                    -      59,068
Write off of subscription receivable                          -           -
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1998               (4,557,710)          -
                                                   ------------    --------

Balance, December 31, 1998                          (13,550,976)    (14,769)
                                                   ------------    --------
</TABLE>

                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-10
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2002

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                     Common Stock                         Deficit
                                                                     ------------                       Accumulated
                                                              Amount                        Additional   during the
                                                               Per                           Paid-In     Development
                                                              Share      Shares    Amount    Capital       Stage
                                                              -----      ------    ------    -------       -----
<S>                                                           <C>     <C>          <C>    <C>           <C>
Balance, December 31, 1998                                            296,422,907  $2,964 $ 14,325,076  $(13,550,976)

Issuance of common stock, securities purchase agreement       $ 0.16    4,917,276      49      802,451             -
Issuance of common stock, securities purchase agreement         0.27    1,851,852      18      499,982             -
Issuance of common stock, for services rendered                 0.22      100,000       1       21,999             -
Issuance of common stock, for services rendered                 0.25      180,000       2       44,998             -
Beneficial conversion feature, August debenture                                 -       -      950,036             -
Beneficial conversion feature, December debenture                               -       -      361,410             -
Amortization of warrant costs, convertible debentures                           -       -          300             -
Warrant costs, related to convertible debentures                                                                   -
Warrant costs, August debenture                                                 -       -       49,964             -
Warrant costs, December debenture                                               -       -        4,267             -
Amortization of warrant costs, securities purchase agreement                            -            -             -
Amortization of deferred compensation cost                                      -       -      (14,769)            -
Credit arising from modification of option terms                                -       -      210,144             -
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1999                                          -       -            -    (6,323,431)
                                                                      -----------  ------ ------------  ------------

Balance, December 31, 1999 (Restated)                                 303,472,035   3,034   17,255,858   (19,874,407)
                                                                      -----------  ------ ------------  ------------

<CAPTION>
                                                                Deferred     Discount
                                                              Compensation      on
                                                                  Cost       Warrants
                                                                  ----       --------
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>
Balance, December 31, 1998                                      $(14,769)    $     -

Issuance of common stock, securities purchase agreement                -           -
Issuance of common stock, securities purchase agreement                -           -
Issuance of common stock, for services rendered                        -           -
Issuance of common stock, for services rendered                        -           -
Beneficial conversion feature, August debenture                        -           -
Beneficial conversion feature, December debenture                      -           -
Amortization of warrant costs, convertible debentures                  -        (300)
Warrant costs, related to convertible debentures                       -       2,455
Warrant costs, August debenture                                        -           -
Warrant costs, December debenture                                      -           -
Amortization of warrant costs, securities purchase agreement           -           -
Amortization of deferred compensation cost                        14,769           -
Credit arising from modification of option terms                       -           -
Net loss, year ended December 31, 1999                                 -           -
                                                                --------     -------

Balance, December 31, 1999 (Restated)                                  -       2,155
                                                                --------     -------
</TABLE>

                 See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-11
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2002

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Common Stock                             Deficit
                                                                     ------------                           Accumulated
                                                             Amount                           Additional     during the  Discount
                                                              Per                               Paid-In     Development     on
                                                             Share      Shares      Amount      Capital        Stage     Warrants
                                                             -----      ------      ------      -------        -----     --------
<S>                                                         <C>      <C>            <C>       <C>          <C>           <C>
Balance, December 31, 1999 (Restated)                                303,472,035    $3,034    $17,255,858  $(19,874,407) $ 2,155

Issuance of common stock, exercise of options               $0.1400      600,000         6         83,994            --       --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                0.1500    1,600,000        16        239,984            --       --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                0.1600      650,000         7        103,994            --       --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                0.1700      100,000         1         16,999            --       --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                0.2100      792,500         8        166,417            --       --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                0.2500    1,000,000        10        246,090            --       --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                0.2700      281,000         3         75,867            --       --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options                0.3600      135,000         1         48,599            --       --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of warrants               0.2040      220,589         2         44,998            --       --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of warrants               0.2448      220,589         2         53,998            --       --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of warrants               0.2750       90,909         1         24,999            --       --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of warrants               0.3300       90,909         1         29,999            --       --
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                 0.1400   35,072,571       351      4,907,146            --       --
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                 0.1900    1,431,785        14        275,535            --       --
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                 0.2000    1,887,500        19        377,481            --       --
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                 0.3600       43,960        --         15,667            --       --
Issuance of common stock, cashless exercise of warrants                  563,597         6        326,153            --       --
Issuance of common stock, services rendered                  0.4650      100,000         1         46,499            --       --
Private placement of common stock                            0.2200   13,636,357       136      2,999,864            --       --
Private placement of common stock                            0.3024    4,960,317        50      1,499,950            --       --
Private placement of common stock                            0.4000   13,265,000       133      5,305,867            --       --
Cashless exercise of warrants                                                 --        --       (326,159)           --       --
Beneficial conversion feature, January Debenture                              --        --        395,236            --       --
Warrant costs, consulting agreement                                           --        --        200,249            --       --
Warrant costs, January Debenture                                              --        --         13,418            --       --
Warrant costs, related to convertible debentures                              --        --                                (2,454)
Recovery of subscription receivable previously written off                    --        --         19,000            --       --
Credit arising from modification of option terms                              --        --      1,901,927            --       --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 2000                                        --        --             --    (8,816,192)      --
                                                                     -----------    ------    -----------  ------------  -------

Balance, December 31, 2000 (Restated)                                380,214,618     3,802     36,349,629   (28,690,599)    (299)
                                                                     -----------    ------    -----------  ------------  -------

</TABLE>

                 See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-12
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2002

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Common Stock                       Deficit
                                                                     ------------                     Accumulated
                                                          Amount                        Additional    during the       Discount
                                                           Per                            Paid-In     Development         on
                                                          Share       Shares    Amount    Capital        Stage         Warrants
                                                          -----       ------    ------    -------        -----         --------
<S>                                                      <C>       <C>          <C>     <C>           <C>              <C>
Balance, December 31, 2000 (Restated)                              380,214,618   3,802   36,349,629    (28,690,599)         (299)

Issuance of common stock, exercise of options            $ 0.2700       40,000       1       10,799             --            --
Issuance of common stock, exercise of options              0.3600       20,000       1        7,199             --            --
Issuance of common stock, cashless exercise of warrants                 76,411       1       77,491             --            --
Issuance of common stock, for services rendered            0.3500      100,000       1       34,999             --            --
Sale of common stock, for cash                             0.1500    6,666,667      66      999,933             --            --
Sale of common stock, for cash                             0.3000    2,000,000      20      599,980             --            --
Sale of common stock, for cash                             0.3200    3,125,000      31      999,969             --            --
Sale of common stock, for cash                             0.4000    1,387,500      14      554,986             --            --
Sale of common stock, for cash                             0.2700    9,666,667      96    2,609,904             --            --
Warrant costs, private equity line of credit                                              1,019,153                   (1,019,043)
Amortization of warrant costs, equity line of credit                                                                     356,594
Cashless exercise of warrants                                               --      --      (77,491)            --            --
Credit arising from modification of option terms                            --      --      691,404             --            --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 2001                                      --      --           --    (11,086,567)           --
                                                                   -----------  ------  -----------  -------------   -----------

Balance, December 31, 2001 (Restated)                              403,296,863  $4,033  $43,877,955  $ (39,777,166)  $  (662,748)
                                                                   ===========  ======  ===========  =============   ===========
</TABLE>

                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-13
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (Continued)

               INCEPTION (FEBRUARY 20, 1984) TO DECEMBER 31, 2002

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Common Stock                         Deficit
                                                                      ------------                       Accumulated
                                                             Amount                        Additional     during the      Discount
                                                              Per                            Paid-In     Development        on
                                                             Share      Shares    Amount      Capital        Stage        Warrants
                                                             -----      ------    ------      -------       -----        --------
<S>                                                        <C>       <C>          <C>      <C>           <C>            <C>
Balance, December 31, 2001 (Restated)                                403,296,863   4,033    43,877,955   (39,777,166)    (662,748)

Sale of common stock, for cash                             $  0.1109  17,486,491     175     1,938,813            --           --
Sale of common stock, for cash                                0.1400  22,532,001     225     2,840,575            --           --
Sale of common stock, for cash                                0.1500   9,999,999     100     1,499,900            --           --
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                  0.1100     909,091       9        99,991            --           --
Issuance of common stock, conversion of debt                  0.1539   1,299,545      13       199,987            --           --
Warrant costs, termination agreement                                          --      --       190,757            --           --
Warrant costs, issued with sale of common stock, for cash                     --      --        36,086            --           --
Expenses of stock issuance                                                    --      --       (50,160)           --      (36,087)
Warrants granted for consulting services                                      --      --       107,382            --           --
Credit arising from modification of option terms                              --      --       177,963            --           --
Amortization of warrant costs, equity line of credit                          --      --            --            --      407,660
Beneficial conversion feature, May debenture                                  --      --        55,413            --           --
Beneficial conversion feature, July debentures                                --      --       166,515            --           --
Net loss, year ended December 31, 2002                                        --      --            --    (9,321,065)          --
                                                                     -----------  ------  ------------  ------------    ---------

Balance, December 31, 2002 (Restated)                                455,523,990  $4,555  $ 51,141,177  $(49,098,231)   $(291,175)
                                                                     ===========  ======  ============  ============    =========
</TABLE>

                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-14
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                              Inception
                                                                                                            (February 20,
                                                                            Year Ended December 31,          1984) to
                                                                           -----------------------           December 31,
                                                                    2002           2001          2000           2002
                                                                    ----           ----          ----       -------------
                                                                 (Restated)     (Restated)    (Restated)
                                                                ------------   ------------  ------------
<S>                                                             <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
   Net loss                                                     $ (9,321,065)  $(11,086,567) $ (8,816,192)  $(49,098,231)
                                                                ------------   ------------  ------------   ------------
   Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
      net cash used by operating activities:
         Depreciation                                                997,874        532,264       362,392      2,438,663
         Amortization of debt issuance costs                          34,078         15,344       106,030        828,637
         Amortization of deferred interest cost on beneficial              -              -             -              -
            conversion feature of convertible debenture               89,001              -       395,236      4,182,795
         Amortization of discount on warrants                        407,660        356,704        64,335      1,164,392
         Amortization of discount on warrants - consulting
            services                                                       -              -       230,249        230,249
         Amortization of deferred compensation cost                        -              -             -        760,500
         Issuance of common stock for debenture interest              43,425              -        76,212        119,637
         Issuance of common stock for services                             -         35,000        46,500      1,586,000
         Compensation expense for options and warrants               476,102        691,404     1,901,927      3,264,808
         Changes in operating assets and liabilities:                      -              -             -              -
            Increase in other current assets                         (52,155)       (28,358)       (5,063)      (145,311)
            Decrease in inventory                                          -         19,729             -              -
            Increase in other assets                                 (86,962)       (53,232)     (278,037)    (1,635,189)
            Increase (decrease) in accounts
               payable and  accrued liabilities                   (1,288,999)       940,745       174,089        560,907
                                                                ------------   ------------  ------------   ------------
                  Total adjustments                                  620,024      2,509,600     3,073,870     13,356,088
                                                                ------------   ------------  ------------   ------------
                  Net cash used by operating activities           (8,701,041)    (8,576,967)   (5,742,322)   (35,742,143)
                                                                ------------   ------------  ------------   ------------

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
   Purchase of investments                                                 -              -             -     (6,292,979)
   Proceeds from sale of investments                                       -              -             -      6,292,979
   Acquisition of property and equipment                            (267,715)    (1,588,648)     (917,471)    (4,323,384)
                                                                ------------   ------------  ------------   ------------
                  Net cash used by investing activities             (267,715)    (1,588,648)     (917,471)    (4,323,384)
                                                                ------------   ------------  ------------   ------------

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
   Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt                      2,000,000              -     1,000,000     11,500,000
   Proceeds from sale of securities, net of issuance costs         6,229,628      5,783,000    10,835,970     29,529,686
   Proceeds from common stock subscribed but not issued              883,900              -             -        883,900
   Payments under capital lease                                     (142,426)       (58,690)      (50,324)      (310,028)
   Payments on note payable                                          (26,400)       (21,519)      (19,096)       (81,276)
   Recovery of subscription receivable written off                         -              -        19,000         19,000
                                                                ------------    -----------  ------------   ------------
                  Net cash provided by financing activities        8,944,702      5,702,791    11,785,550     41,541,282
                                                                ------------    -----------  ------------   ------------

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents                 (24,054)    (4,462,824)    5,125,757      1,475,755

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning                               1,499,809      5,962,633       836,876              -
                                                                ------------    -----------  ------------   ------------

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Ending                               $  1,475,755    $ 1,499,809  $  5,962,633   $  1,475,755
                                                                ============    ===========  ============   ============

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Financing Activities:
   Cash paid during the year for interest                       $     25,669    $    20,556  $     36,681
                                                                ============    ===========  ============

Supplemental Schedule of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities:
   A capital lease obligation of approximately $140,000 was incurred
      during 2002 to finance the purchase of new equipment.
</TABLE>

                See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-15
<PAGE>

                           ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 1.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

          BUSINESS

          Advanced Viral Research Corp. (the Company) was incorporated in
          Delaware on July 31, 1985. The Company was organized for the purpose
          of manufacturing and marketing a pharmaceutical product initially
          named Reticulose, the current formulation of which is now known as and
          hereinafter referred to as "Product R." The success of the Company
          will be dependent upon obtaining certain regulatory approval for its
          pharmaceutical product, Product R, to commence commercial operations.

          PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

          The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
          Company and its 99.6% owned subsidiary, Advance Viral Research, Ltd.
          (LTD), a Bahamian Corporation. LTD is presented in the financial
          statements under "Discontinued Operations" (See Notes 5 and 15). All
          significant intercompany accounts have been eliminated.

          DEVELOPMENT STAGE ENTERPRISE

          As described above, the Company was incorporated on July 31, 1985,
          and, since that time, has been primarily involved in organizational
          activities, research and development activities, and raising capital.
          Planned operations, as described above, have not commenced to any
          significant extent. Accordingly, the Company is considered to be in
          the development stage, and the accompanying consolidated financial
          statements represent those of a development stage enterprise.

          CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

          Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments (primarily a
          money market fund), with original maturities of three months or less.

          PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

          Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed
          using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
          assets. Gain or loss on disposition of assets is recognized currently.
          Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Major
          replacements and betterments are capitalized and depreciated over the
          remaining useful lives of the assets.

          RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

          Research and development costs are expensed as incurred by the
          Company. Internal research and development services that the Company
          contracts out are expensed as incurred by the Company. The Company
          does not conduct research and development for third parties. Research
          and development costs may include consultants, Israel studies, U.S.
          studies at universities, laboratory gases, gloves and apparel, and
          travel.

                                 F-16
<PAGE>

                           ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT (Continued)

         An allocation of rent, utilities, payroll, payroll taxes (except CEO
         salary, payroll taxes) and telephone were allocated to research and
         development at 80% of actual costs with 20% of actual costs allocated
         to general and administrative through December 31, 2002. Approximately
         50% of the salary and payroll taxes through December 31, 2002 for Dr.
         Hirschman, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientific
         Officer, were allocated to research and development expense.

         In November 2002, the Company reduced its staff from 43 employees to 10
         and limited its research and development efforts to the studies being
         performed in Israel. As a result, beginning in January 2003 and going
         forward, the Company discontinued allocating the above expenses to
         research and development expense with the exception of 30% of the
         salary and payroll taxes of Dr. Hirschman, which were allocated to
         research and development.

         IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS

         The Company regularly evaluates its long-lived assets for indicators of
         possible impairment, whenever events or changes in business
         circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not
         be fully recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when
         estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the
         use of the asset and its eventual disposition are less than its
         carrying amount.

         OTHER ASSETS

         Patent development costs are capitalized as incurred. Such costs will
         be amortized over the life of the patent, commencing at the time
         Product R is marketed. Loan costs include fees paid in connection with
         the February 2001 private equity line of credit agreement and are being
         amortized over the life of the agreement (see Note 7).

         INCOME TAXES

         The Company accounts for its income taxes using Statement of Financial
         Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, which
         requires recognition of deferred tax liabilities and assets for
         expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in
         the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred
         tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the differences
         between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities
         using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences
         are expected to reverse.

                                      F-17
<PAGE>
                           ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         ESTIMATED FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

         The information set forth below provides disclosure of the estimated
         fair value of the Company's financial instruments presented in
         accordance with the requirements of Statement of Financial Accounting
         Standards (SFAS) No. 107. Fair value estimates discussed herein are
         based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information
         available to management as of December 31, 2002 and 2001. Since the
         reported fair values of financial instruments are based upon a variety
         of factors, they may not represent actual values that could have been
         realized as of December 31, 2002 and 2001 or that will be realized in
         the future.

         The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial
         instruments approximated their fair values. These financial instruments
         include cash, a money market fund and accounts payable. Fair values
         were assumed to approximate carrying values for these financial
         instruments since they are short-term in nature and their carrying
         amounts approximate fair values or they are receivable or payable on
         demand.

         CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISk

         Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
         concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash. At various
         times during the year, the Company had cash balances in excess of
         federally insured limits. The Company maintains its cash, which
         consists primarily of demand deposits, with high quality financial
         institutions, which the Company believes limits this risk.

         STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

         The Company has elected to follow Accounting Principles Board Opinion
         No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees (APB No. 25), and
         related interpretations, in accounting for its employee stock options
         rather than the alternative fair value accounting allowed by SFAS No.
         123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation. APB No. 25 provides that
         the compensation expense relative to the Company's employee stock
         options is measured based on the intrinsic value of the stock option.
         SFAS No. 123 requires companies that continue to follow APB No. 25 to
         provide a pro-forma disclosure of the impact of applying the fair value
         method of SFAS No. 123. The Company follows SFAS No. 123 in accounting
         for stock options issued to non-employees.

         No stock-based employee compensation cost is reflected in net loss, as
         all options granted under those plans had an exercise price equal to
         the market value of the underlying common stock on the date of the
         grant. The following table illustrates the effect on net loss and loss
         per share if the Company had applied the fair value recognition
         provisions of FASB Statement No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based
         Compensation, to stock-based employee compensation.

                                      F-18
<PAGE>
                           ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 1.           SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

                  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                           YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              2002           2002          2001             2001         2000            2000
                                            REPORTED       RESTATED      REPORTED         RESTATED     REPORTED        RESTATED
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Net loss                                  $(10,342,335)  $ (9,321,065)  $(11,715,568)  $(11,086,567)  $ (9,354,664)  $ (8,816,192)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deduct: total stock-based
   compensation expense
   determined under fair
   value based method for all
   awards, net of related tax effects       (2,016,132)      (724,048)    (2,374,643)      (154,034)    (1,799,827)    (5,453,816)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pro forma net loss                        $(12,358,467)  $(10,045,113)  $(14,090,211)  $(11,240,601)  $(11,154,491)  $(14,270,008)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Loss per share - basic and diluted
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   As reported                            $      (0.02)  $      (0.02)  $      (0.03)  $      (0.03)  $      (0.03)  $      (0.02)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Pro forma                              $      (0.03)  $      (0.02)  $      (0.04)  $      (0.03)  $      (0.03)  $      (0.04)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

         There are no other options outstanding that would require pro forma
         presentation.

         NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE

         The Company computes loss per share in accordance with SFAS No. 128,
         Earnings Per Share. This standard requires dual presentation of basic
         and diluted earnings per share on the face of the income statement for
         all entities with complex capital structures and requires a
         reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the diluted earnings
         per share computation.

         Net loss per common share (basic and diluted) is based on the net loss
         divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
         during the year. The Company's potentially issuable shares of common
         stock pursuant to outstanding stock options and warrants are excluded
         from the Company's diluted computation, as their effect would be
         anti-dilutive.

         REVENUE RECOGNITION

         The limited sales generated by the Company have consisted of sales of
         Product R for testing and other purposes. The Company records sales
         when the product is shipped to customers. There were no sales for the
         year ended December 31, 2002.

         USE OF ESTIMATES

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
         principles generally accepted in the United States requires management
         to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in
         the financial statements and accompanying notes. Although these
         estimates are based on management's knowledge of current events and
         actions it may undertake in the future, they may ultimately differ from
         actual results.

         RECLASSIFICATIONS

         Certain amounts in the financial statements have been reclassified to
         conform to 2002 presentation.

                                      F-19
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

         In November 2002 the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No., or FIN 45,
         Guarantor's Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees,
         Including Indirect Guarantee of Indebtedness of Others. FIN 45 requires
         that upon issuance of a guarantee, the guarantor must recognize a
         liability for the fair value of the obligation it assumes under that
         guarantee. FIN 45's provisions for initial recognition and measurement
         should be applied on a prospective basis to guarantees issued or
         modified after December 31, 2002. The guarantor's previous accounting
         for guarantees that were issued before the date of FIN 45's initial
         application may not be revised or restated to reflect the effect of the
         recognition and measurement provisions of the Interpretation. The
         disclosure requirements are effective for financial statements of both
         interim and annual periods that end after December 15, 2002. The
         Company is not a guarantor under any significant guarantees and thus
         this interpretation is not expected to have a significant effect on the
         Company's financial position or results of operations.

         On December 31, 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 148, Accounting for
         Stock-Based Compensation - Transition and Disclosure - An Amendment of
         SFAS 123. The standard provides additional transition guidance for
         companies that elect to voluntarily adopt the accounting provisions of
         SFAS 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation. SFAS 148 does not
         change the provisions of SFAS 123 that permits entities to continue to
         apply the intrinsic value method of APB 25, Accounting for Stock Issued
         to Employees. As the Company continues to follow APB 25, its accounting
         for stock-based compensation will not change as a result of SFAS 148.
         SFAS 148 does require certain new disclosures in both annual and
         interim financial statements. The required annual disclosures are
         effective immediately and have been included in Note 10 of the
         Company's consolidated financial statements. The new interim disclosure
         provisions will be effective in the first quarter of 2003.

         In July 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 146, Accounting for Costs
         Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities. SFAS 146 is effective for
         exit or disposal activities initiated after December 31, 2002. The
         Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have any
         impact on its financial position or results of operations.

         In April 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 145, Rescission of FASB
         Statements No. 4, 44, and 64, Amendment of FASB Statement No. 13, and
         Technical Corrections. SFAS 145 is effective for fiscal years beginning
         after May 15, 2002. The Company has not determined the impact that SFAS
         145 will have, if any, on its financial statements.

         In August 2001, the FASB issued Statement No. 144, Accounting for the
         Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets (SFAS 144), which addresses
         financial accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal of
         long-lived assets. SFAS 144 supersedes Statement No. 121, Accounting
         for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be
         Disposed Of, and the accounting and reporting provisions of APB Opinion
         No. 30, Reporting the Results of Operations - Reporting the Effects of
         Disposal of a Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and
         Infrequently Occurring Events and Transactions, for the disposal of a
         segment of a business. SFAS 144 retains the requirement in Opinion No.
         30 to report separately discontinued operations and extends that
         reporting to a component of an entity that either has been disposed of

                                      F-20
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (Continued)

         or is classified as held for sale. The Company adopted SFAS 144 on
         January 1, 2002 (see Notes 5 and 15).

         In July 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141, Business Combinations, and
         SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets which replace
         Accounting Principles Board Opinion Nos. 16, Business Combinations and
         17, Intangible Assets, respectively. SFAS No. 141 requires that the
         purchase method of accounting be used for all business combinations
         initiated after June 30, 2001, and that the use of the
         pooling-of-interests method be prohibited. SFAS No. 142 changes the
         accounting for goodwill from an amortization method to an
         impairment-only method. Amortization of goodwill, including goodwill
         recorded in past business combinations, will cease upon adoption of
         SFAS No. 142, which the Company will be required to adopt on January 1,
         2002. After December 31, 2001, goodwill can only be written down upon
         impairment discovered during annual tests for fair value, or discovered
         during tests taken when certain triggering events occur. The Company
         adopted SFAS 142 on January 1, 2002 and there was no impact on the
         results of operations or financial position of the Company.

         In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
         FASB Interpretation No. 44, Accounting for Certain Transactions
         Involving Stock Compensation - an Interpretation of APB Opinion No. 25
         (FIN 44). FIN 44 clarifies the application of APB Opinion No. 25 and,
         among other issues, clarifies the following: the definition of an
         employee for purposes of applying APB Opinion No. 25; the criteria for
         determining whether a plan qualifies as a non-compensatory plan; the
         accounting consequences of various modifications to the terms of
         previously fixed stock options or awards; and the accounting for an
         exchange of stock compensation awards in a business combination. FIN 44
         was effective July 1, 2000, but certain conclusions in FIN 44 cover
         specific events that occurred after either December 15, 1998 or January
         12, 2000. The Company adopted FIN 44 in the third quarter of 2000 and
         there was no material impact on the Company's results of operations or
         financial position.

         In June 1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No.
         137, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities -
         Deferral of the Effective Date of SFAS No. 133 an Amendment of SFAS No.
         133, which deferred the effective date to all fiscal quarters of all
         fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000. Historically, the Company
         has not entered into derivatives contracts to hedge existing risks or
         for speculative purposes. Adoption of the new standard on January 1,
         2001 had no effect on the financial statements.

NOTE 2.  GOING CONCERN

         As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has
         suffered accumulated net losses of $49,098,231 since inception and is
         dependent upon registration of Product R for sale before it can begin
         commercial operations. The Company's cash position may be inadequate to
         pay all the costs associated with operations and the full range of
         testing and clinical trials required by the FDA. Unless and until
         Product R is approved for sale in the United States or another
         industrially developed country, the Company will be dependent upon the
         continued sale

                                      F-21
<PAGE>

                         ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                         (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (Continued)

NOTE 2.  GOING CONCERN (Continued)

         of its securities, debt or equity financing for funds to meet its cash
         requirements. The foregoing issues raise substantial doubt about the
         Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

         Management intends to continue to sell the Company's securities in an
         attempt to meet its cash flow requirements; however, no assurance can
         be given that equity or debt financing, if and when required, will be
         available.

NOTE 3.  RESTATEMENT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

         The accompanying financial statements for the years ended December 31,
         2002, 2001 and 2000 have been restated to reflect changes in accounting
         for warrants issued in connection with equity transactions as well as
         options issued to the Board of Directors and employees (on a pro-forma
         basis only) and its Advisory Board. The restatement resulted in income
         which reduced the previously reported net loss for 2002, 2001 and 2000
         by approximately $1,021,000 and $629,000, and $538,000, respectively.

         Basic and diluted net loss per common share on operations remained the
         same for the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2001. For the year ended
         December 31, 2000, the net loss per share from operations was reduced
         by $0.01 to ($0.02) from ($0.03). The Company's deficit accumulated
         during the development stage was reduced by $2,039,574, $1,018,304, and
         $389,303 at December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. The
         restatement did not impact the Company's net cash in investing and
         financing activities and net cash used in operating activities remained
         unchanged However, certain components within operating activities
         consisting of amortization of deferred interest cost, discount on
         warrants and compensation expense for options and warrants, were
         restated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2002                      AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2001
                                              -----------------------------------------    ----------------------------------------
                                              AS REPORTED    ADJUSTMENTS      RESTATED     AS REPORTED    ADJUSTMENTS    RESTATED
                                              -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    --------
<S>                                           <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
ASSETS
Current Assets                                  1,770,251              -      1,770,251      1,751,970              -     1,751,970
Property and Equipment, Net                     2,244,118              -      2,244,118      2,818,045              -     2,818,045
Other Assets                                      931,660              -        931,660        878,776              -       878,776
                                              -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------   -----------
         Total assets                           4,946,029              -      4,946,029      5,448,791              -     5,448,791
                                              ===========    -----------    ===========    ===========    -----------   ===========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current Liabilities                               684,591              -        684,591      1,932,149              -     1,932,149
Long-Term Debt:
   Convertible debenture, net                   1,658,231        (47,732)     1,610,499              -              -             -
   Capital lease obligation                         5,834              -          5,834         42,370              -        42,370
   Note payable                                     4,879              -          4,879         32,198              -        32,198
                                              -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------   -----------
        Total long-term debt                    1,668,944        (47,732)     1,621,212         74,568              -        74,568
                                              -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------   -----------
Common Stock Subscribed but not Issued            883,900              -        883,900              -              -             -
                                              -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------   -----------
Stockholders' Equity:
   Common stock                                     4,555              -          4,555          4,033              -         4,033
   Additional paid-in capital                  57,530,605     (6,389,428)    51,141,177     47,666,141     (3,788,186)   43,877,955
   Deficit accumulated during the
    development stage                         (51,137,805)     2,039,574    (49,098,231)   (40,795,470)     1,018,304   (39,777,166)
   Discount on warrants                        (4,688,761)     4,397,586       (291,175)    (3,432,630)     2,769,882      (662,748)
                                              -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------   -----------
         Total stockholders' equity             1,708,594         47,732      1,756,326      3,442,074              -     3,442,074
                                              -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------   -----------
         Total liabilities and stockholders'
          Equity                                4,946,029              -      4,946,029      5,448,791              -     5,448,791
                                              ===========    -----------    ===========    ===========    -----------   ===========
</TABLE>

                                      F-22
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 3.  RESTATEMENT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           2002                                             2001
                                        -------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------
                                         AS REPORTED    ADJUSTMENTS      RESTATED      AS REPORTED     ADJUSTMENTS     RESTATED
                                        -------------  -------------  -------------   -------------   -------------  -------------
<S>                                     <C>            <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>            <C>
Revenues                                $           -  $           -  $           -   $      17,601   $           -  $      17,601
                                        -------------  -------------  -------------   -------------   -------------  -------------
Costs and Expenses:
  Research and development                  4,439,592              -      4,439,592       5,150,869               -      5,150,869
  General and administrative                2,654,296              -      2,654,296       4,063,022               -      4,063,022
  Compensation and other
  expense for options and
  warrants                                    755,397        128,365        883,762         691,404         356,704      1,048,108
   Depreciation                               977,746              -        977,746         511,216               -        511,216
                                        -------------  -------------  -------------   -------------   -------------  -------------
                                            8,827,031        128,365      8,955,396      10,416,511         356,704     10,773,215
                                        -------------  -------------  -------------   -------------   -------------  -------------
Loss from Operations                       (8,827,031)      (128,365)    (8,955,396)    (10,398,910)       (356,704)-  (10,755,614)
                                        -------------  -------------  -------------   -------------   -------------  -------------
Other Income (Expense):
   Interest income                             27,659              -         27,659         113,812               -        113,812
   Other income
   Interest expense                        (1,341,809)     1,149,635       (192,174)       (868,856)        985,705        116,849
   Severance expense -
   former directors                                 -              -              -        (302,500)              -       (302,500)
                                        -------------  -------------  -------------   -------------   -------------  -------------
                                           (1,314,150)     1,149,635       (164,515)     (1,057,544)        985,705        (71,839)
                                        -------------  -------------  -------------   -------------   -------------  -------------
Loss from Continuing Operations           (10,141,181)     1,021,270     (9,119,911)    (11,456,454)        629,001    (10,827,453)
Loss from Discontinued Operations            (201,154)             -       (201,154)       (259,114)              -       (259,114)
                                        -------------  -------------  -------------   -------------   -------------  -------------
Net Loss                                $ (10,342,335) $   1,021,270  $  (9,321,065)  $ (11,715,568)  $     629,001  $ (11,086,567)
                                        =============  =============  =============   =============   =============  =============
Net Loss Per Common Share
   Basic and Diluted:
      Continuing operations                     (0.02)                        (0.02)         (0.03)                          (0.03)
      Discontinued operations                   (0.00)                        (0.00)         (0.00)                          (0.00)
      Net loss                                  (0.02)                        (0.02)         (0.03)                          (0.03)
Weighted Average Number
  of  Common Shares
  Outstanding                             439,009,322                   439,009,322    389,435,324                     389,435,324

<CAPTION>
                                                               2000
                                            -----------------------------------------
                                             AS REPORTED    ADJUSTMENTS     RESTATED
                                            -------------   -----------   -----------
<S>                                         <C>             <C>           <C>
Revenues                                    $       8,363   $         -   $     8,363
                                            -------------   -----------   -----------
Costs and Expenses:
  Research and development                      3,192,551             -     3,192,551
  General and administrative                    2,413,601             -     2,413,601
  Compensation and other
  expense for options and
  warrants                                      1,901,927             -     1,901,927
   Depreciation                                   346,227             -       346,227
                                            -------------   -----------   -----------
                                                7,854,306             -     7,854,306
                                            -------------   -----------   -----------
Loss from Operations                           (7,845,943)            -    (7,845,943)
                                            -------------   -----------   -----------
Other Income (Expense):
   Interest income                                161,832             -       161,832
   Other income
   Interest expense                            (1,446,692)      538,472      (908,220)
   Severance expense -
   former directors                                     -             -             -
                                            -------------   -----------   -----------
                                               (1,284,860)      538,472      (746,388)
                                            -------------   -----------   -----------
Loss from Continuing Operations                (9,130,803)      538,472    (8,592,331)
Loss from Discontinued Operations                (223,861)            -      (223,861)
                                            -------------   -----------   -----------
Net Loss                                    $  (9,354,664)  $   538,472   $(8,816,192)
                                            =============   ===========   ===========
Net Loss Per Common Share
   Basic and Diluted:
      Continuing operations                         (0.03)                      (0.02)
      Discontinued operations                       (0.00)                      (0.00)
      Net loss                                      (0.03)                      (0.02)
Weighted Average Number
  of  Common Shares
  Outstanding                                 362,549,690                 362,549,690
</TABLE>

NOTE 4.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Estimated Useful Lives (Years)   2002          2001
                                                                              ------------------------------   ----          ----
<S>                                                                           <C>                             <C>         <C>
Land and improvements                                                                        15               $   34,550  $   34,550
Building and improvements                                                                    30                1,410,165   1,233,524
Machinery and equipment                                                                       5                3,394,431   3,170,759
                                                                                                              ----------  ----------
                                                                                                               4,839,146   4,438,833
Less accumulated depreciation                                                                                  2,433,185   1,438,250
                                                                                                              ----------  ----------
                                                                                                               2,405,961   3,000,583
Less property and equipment included in assets held for sale, net (Note 5)                                       161,843     182,538
                                                                                                              ----------  ----------
                                                                                                              $2,244,118  $2,818,045
                                                                                                              ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

         The Company maintains certain property and equipment in Freeport,
         Bahamas. This property and equipment amounted to $429,782 as of
         December 31, 2002 and $433,119 as of December 31, 2001. Included with
         machinery and equipment is equipment purchased under capital leases of
         $135,537 during 2002. Depreciation expense for equipment under the
         capital leases was approximately $27,488, $10,368 and $7,729 in 2002,
         2001 and 2000, respectively. These amounts are included above.

                                      F-23
<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 5.   OTHER ASSETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         2002          2001
                                                                         ----          ----
<S>                                                                    <C>           <C>
Patent development costs                                               $897,385      $765,388
Loan costs, net of accumulated amortization of $828,637
   and $794,559                                                          34,275        68,353
Other                                                                     6,461        51,496
                                                                       --------      --------
                                                                        938,121       885,237
Less other assets included in assets held for sale, net (Note 5)          6,461         6,461
                                                                       --------      --------
                                                                       $931,660      $878,776
                                                                       ========      ========
</TABLE>

NOTE 6.   ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

          During 2002, the Board of Directors approved a plan to sell Advance
          Viral Research, Ltd. (LTD), the Company's Bahamian subsidiary. The
          facility being sold produced topical Product R which is no longer
          being produced by the Company. As required under SFAS 144, the net
          book values of the assets (LTD had no liabilities as of December 31,
          2002 other than an inter-company payable that has been eliminated)
          have been reflected on the balance sheet as held for sale and the
          operations have been included in discontinued operations for the years
          ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 (see Note 15).

          Although no formal contract has been executed, management believes
          that the estimated selling price less estimated cost to sell exceeds
          the net book value of LTD and therefore there is no impairment loss
          charged to discontinued operations.

NOTE 7.   ACCRUED LIABILITIES

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                    <C>           <C>
Accrued bonus                                                          $ 50,000      $100,000
Accrued 401k contribution                                                40,675        32,717
Accrued payroll                                                          35,157        81,181
Other                                                                    11,814         9,658
                                                                       --------      --------
                                                                       $137,646      $223,556
                                                                       ========      ========
</TABLE>

NOTE 8.   NOTE PAYABLE

          During 1999, the Company entered into an installment purchase
          agreement for equipment totaling $123,600. The agreement is
          collateralized by the equipment and calls for monthly installments of
          $2,476, including interest at 12% per annum, with a final installment
          in February 2004.

          The aggregate maturities of the installment purchase agreement are as
          follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Year ending December 31:
<S>                                                                    <C>
      2003                                                             $ 25,165
      2004                                                                4,879
                                                                       --------
                                                                         30,044
Less current portion                                                     25,165
                                                                       --------
Note payable - long-term portion                                       $  4,879
                                                                       ========
</TABLE>

                                      F-24

<PAGE>

                         ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 9.   SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS

          CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES AND WARRANTS

          The Company issued warrants to purchase common stock in connection
          with the issuance of several convertible debentures sold during the
          years 1997 to 2000, which debentures have all been fully converted. As
          of December 31, 2002, warrants to purchase approximately 3.2 million
          shares of the Company's common stock relating to these fully converted
          debentures were outstanding with expiration dates through 2009 at
          exercise prices ranging from $.199 to $.864.

          During the second and third quarters of 2002, the Company issued to
          certain investors an aggregate of $2,000,000 principal amount of its
          5% convertible debentures at par in several private placements. Under
          the terms of each 5% convertible debenture, 20% of the original issue
          is convertible on the original date of issue at a price equal to the
          closing bid price quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board on the trading day
          immediately preceding the original issue date (except for the
          Rushing/Simoni issuance detailed below which had an initial conversion
          price of $0.11 per share). Thereafter, 20% of the principal balance
          may be converted at six-month intervals at a conversion price equal to
          the higher of (i) 90% of the average closing bid price for the five
          trading days prior to the conversion date (the "Market Price"); or
          (ii) ten cents ($0.10) which amount is subject to certain adjustments.
          The convertible debentures, including interest accrued thereon, are
          payable by Advanced Viral in shares of common stock and mature two
          years from the date of issuance. The shares issued upon conversion of
          the debentures cannot be sold or transferred for a period of one year
          from the applicable vesting date of the convertible portion of the
          debentures. The Company issued its 5% convertible debentures as
          follows:

               -    On May 30, 2002, the Company sold to O. Frank Rushing and
                    Justine Simoni, as joint tenants, $500,000 principal amount
                    of its 5% convertible debenture. Based on the terms for
                    conversion associated with this debenture, there was an
                    intrinsic value associated with the beneficial conversion
                    feature, which was recorded as deferred interest expense and
                    is presented as a discount on the convertible debenture. On
                    June 3, 2002, these investors converted the first 20%
                    ($100,000) into 909,091 shares of common stock at a
                    conversion price of $0.11 per share. In January 2003, the
                    holder converted the second 20% ($100,000 plus interest of
                    $3,041) into 1,030,411 shares of common stock at a
                    conversion price of $.10 per share.

               -    On July 3, 2002, the Company sold to James F. Dicke II, who
                    was then a member of its Board of Directors, $1,000,000
                    principal amount of its 5% convertible debenture. Based on
                    the terms for conversion associated with this debenture,
                    there was an intrinsic value associated with the beneficial
                    conversion feature which was recorded as deferred interest
                    expense and is presented as a discount on the convertible
                    debenture. On July 3, 2002, Mr. Dicke converted the first
                    20% of the debenture ($200,000) for 1,299,545 shares of
                    common stock at a conversion price of $0.1539 per share. .
                    In January 2003, the holder converted the second 20%
                    ($200,000 plus interest of $5,041) of the debenture into
                    2,050,411 shares of common stock at a conversion price of
                    $.10 per share.

                                      F-25

<PAGE>

                         ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 9.   SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

          CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES AND WARRANTS (Continued)

               -    On July 15, 2002, the Company sold to Peter Lunder $500,000
                    principal amount of the Company's 5% convertible debenture.
                    Based on the terms for conversion associated with this
                    debenture, there was an intrinsic value associated with the
                    beneficial conversion feature, which was recorded as
                    deferred interest expense and is presented as a discount on
                    the convertible debenture. In January 2003, the holder
                    converted 40% ($200,000 plus interest of $4,822) of the
                    debenture into 1,587,797 shares of common stock, the first
                    20% of which was converted at a conversion price of $.1818
                    per share, and the second 20% of which was converted at a
                    conversion price of $.10 per share.

          STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENTS

          Pursuant to certain securities purchase agreements, the Company issued
          warrants to purchase common stock in connection with the sale of
          approximately 61,500,000 shares of common stock during the years 1998
          to 2001 for cash consideration of approximately $16,900,000. As of
          December 31, 2002, warrants to purchase approximately 16.5 million
          shares of the Company's common stock relating to these securities
          purchase agreements were outstanding with expiration dates through
          2006.

          During the quarter ended March 31, 2002, under several stock purchase
          agreements, the Company sold an aggregate of 9,999,999 shares of its
          common stock at $0.15 per share, for cash consideration of $1,500,000.

          On April 12, 2002, pursuant to stock purchase agreements with various
          institutional investors, the Company issued 17,486,491 shares of its
          common stock at a market price of $0.11089 per share and received net
          proceeds of approximately $1,939,000.

          On September 10, 2002, the Company issued and sold an aggregate of
          21,500,000 shares of its common stock pursuant to a securities
          purchase agreement with certain institutional investors for total
          proceeds of approximately $3,010,000, or $0.14 per share, along with
          warrants to purchase 16,125,000 shares of the Company's common stock
          at an exercise price of $0.25 per share, subject to adjustment, as
          described below. In addition, pursuant to a placement agent agreement
          with H. C. Wainwright & Co., Inc. ("HCW"), the Company paid HCW a
          placement fee of $150,500 cash and issued to HCW 1,032,000 shares of
          its common stock. An adjustment provision in the warrants provides
          that 60 trading days following the original issue date of the warrants
          (the "First Determination Date"), a certain number of warrants shall
          become exercisable at $0.001. The number of shares for which the
          warrants are exercisable at $0.001 per share is equal to the positive
          difference, if any, between (i) $3,010,000 divided by the volume
          weighted average price ("VWAP") of the Company's common stock for the
          60 trading days preceding the First Determination Date and (ii)
          21,500,000. Upon 120 trading days following the original issue date of
          the warrants (the "Second Determination Date"), a certain number of
          remaining warrants shall become exercisable at $0.001. The number of
          shares for which the Warrants are exercisable at $.001 per share is
          equal to the positive difference, if any, between (i) $3,010,000
          divided by the VWAP of the Company's common stock for the 60 trading
          days preceding the

                                      F-26

<PAGE>

                         ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 9.   SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

          STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

          Second Determination Date and (ii) 21,500,000. No adjustment will be
          made in the event that the VWAP for the 60 trading day period
          preceding the applicable determination date is $0.14 or greater (see
          Note 13).

          On December 16, 2002, the Company entered into securities purchase
          agreements with various investors, pursuant to which the Company sold
          an aggregate of 10,450,000 shares of its common stock for total
          proceeds of approximately $836,000, or $0.08 per share. The shares of
          common stock were issued by the Company on January 2, 2003 along with
          warrants issued in December 2002 to purchase 6,270,000 shares of
          common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 per share until December
          2007. In connection with these agreements, finders fees of
          approximately $50,000 were paid in December 2002 and 627,000 warrants
          were issued during January 2003.

          On December 23, 2002 the Company received an additional $40,000 from
          various investors representing 500,000 shares of common stock or $0.08
          per share. These shares of common stock were issued during January
          2003 along with warrants dated January 2003 to purchase 300,000 shares
          of common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 per share until January
          2008. In connection with this transaction the Company paid a finders
          fee of $2,400 during January 2003 and issued warrants to purchase
          30,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $.12 for a
          period of five years.

          PRIVATE EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT

          On February 9, 2001, the Company entered into an equity line of credit
          agreement with Cornell Capital Partners, LP, an institutional
          investor, to sell up to $50,000,000 of the Company's common stock.
          Under such agreement, the Company may exercise "put options" to sell
          shares for certain prices based on certain average trading prices.
          Upon signing this agreement, the Company issued to its placement
          agent, May Davis Group, Inc., and certain investors, Class A warrants
          to purchase an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of common stock at an
          exercise price of $1.00 per share, exercisable in part or whole until
          February 9, 2006, and Class B warrants to purchase an aggregate of
          5,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price equal to the
          greater of $1.00 or 110% of the bid price on the applicable advance
          date. Such Class B warrants are exercisable pro rata with respect to
          the number of warrant shares as determined by the fraction of the
          advance payable on that date as the numerator and $20,000,000 as the
          denominator multiplied by 5,000,000, until sixty months from the date
          of issuance. The Company has not issued any shares under this equity
          line, which expired in August 2003. The Class B Warrants have expired
          by their terms. There is no financial statement impact for the Class B
          Warrants issued under this equity line. The fair value of the Class A
          warrants was estimated to be $1,019,153 ($0.204 per warrant) based
          upon a financial analysis of the terms of the warrants using the
          Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected
          volatility of 80%; a risk free interest rate of 6% and an expected
          holding period of five years. This amount is being amortized to
          compensation and other expense for options and warrants over the life
          of the equity line of credit (30 months) in the accompanying financial
          statements.

                                      F-27

<PAGE>

                         ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 9.   SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

          SUBSEQUENT FINANCINGS - STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENTS

          During January 2003, pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement with
          various investors, the Company issued 1,550,000 shares of common stock
          at a negotiated price of $0.08 per share, for a total purchase price
          of $124,000 along with warrants to purchase 930,000 shares of common
          stock at an exercise price of $0.12 per share until January 2008. In
          connection with this transaction the Company paid a finders fee of
          $7,440 during January 2003 and issued warrants to purchase 93,000
          shares of common stock with an exercise price of $.12 for a period of
          five years.

          During March 2003, pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement with various
          investors, the Company issued 1,250,000 shares of common stock at a
          negotiated price of $0.08 per share, for a total purchase price of
          $100,000 along with warrants to purchase 750,000 shares of common
          stock at an exercise price of $0.12 per share through March 2007. In
          connection with this transaction the Company paid a finders fee of
          $6,000 during March 2003 and issued warrants to purchase 75,000 shares
          of common stock with an exercise price of $.12 for a period of five
          years.

          SUMMARY OF WARRANT ACTIVITY

          A summary of warrants issued and outstanding in connection with
          convertible debentures and equity transactions as discussed above is
          presented below. Upon exercise, warrants are convertible into an equal
          number of the Company's .00001 par value common stock. The warrants
          are exercisable immediately, with one exception, 5,000,000 Class B
          warrants issued in 2001.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       2002                             2001                          2000
                                                  WEIGHTED-AVERAGE                 WEIGHTED-AVERAGE              WEIGHTED-AVERAGE
                                       SHARES      EXERCISE PRICE      SHARES       EXERCISE PRICE     SHARES      EXERCISE PRICE
                                     ----------   ----------------   ----------    ---------------   ----------  ----------------
<S>                                  <C>          <C>                <C>           <C>               <C>         <C>
Outstanding at beginning of year     33,597,172        .555          24,476,498          .353         8,088,450       .264
Granted                              24,022,000        .042          10,735,000         .0967        17,011,044       .392
Exercised                                     0           0            (181,818)         .275          (622,996)      .247
Forfeited                              (500,600)        .20          (1,432,508)         .234                 0          0
Outstanding at end of year           57,118,572        .342          33,597,172          .555        24,476,498       .353
Warrants exercisable at year-end     52,118,572        .279          28,597,172          .533        24,476,498       .353
</TABLE>

The following table summarizes information about fixed stock warrants
outstanding at December 31, 2002:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           WARRANTS OUTSTANDING                               WARRANTS EXERCISABLE
                       -----------------------------------------------------------     ----------------------------------
                         NUMBER           WEIGHTED-AVERAGE                               NUMBER
   RANGE OF            OUTSTANDING           REMAINING            WEIGHTED-AVERAGE     EXERCISABLE       WEIGHTED-AVERAGE
EXERCISE PRICES        AT 12/31/02        CONTRACTUAL LIFE         EXERCISE PRICE      AT 12/31/02        EXERCISE PRICE
<S>                    <C>                <C>                     <C>                  <C>               <C>
    .00001             16,125,000             9/02                    .00001            16,125,000             .00001
  .12 -.18              7,897,000          5/02 -12/02                 .1276              7,897,000             .1276
  .19 -.27              7,753,102          8/97 - 1/00                 .2311              7,753,102             .2311
  .28 -.41              6,195,214          8/97 - 2/00                 .3101              6,195,214             .3101
  .42 - 61              8,969,878          2/97 - 7/01                 .5211              8,969,878             .5211
  .62 -.92                178,378             2/97                      .864                178,378              .864
.93 - 1.38              5,000,000             2/01                      1.00              5,000,000              1.00
.93 - 1.38              5,000,000             N/A
</TABLE>

                                      F-28

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 10.  COMMON STOCK SUBSCRIBED BUT NOT ISSUED

          Represents cash received during December 2002 pursuant to several
          private placements of securities with various investors ($876,000) for
          10,950,000 shares of common stock at a negotiated price of $0.08 per
          share. These shares of common stock were issued during January 2003.
          In addition, 100,000 shares of common stock were issued during January
          2003 pursuant to an employment agreement. The value of these shares on
          the date of issue was $7,900, which was recorded as compensation
          expense.

NOTE 11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

          GENERAL

          POTENTIAL CLAIM FOR ROYALTIES

          The Company may be subject to claims from certain third parties for
          royalties due on sale of Product R. The Company has not as yet
          received any notice of claim from such parties.

          PRODUCT LIABILITY

          The Company is unaware of any claims or threatened claims since
          Product R was initially marketed in the 1940's; however, one study
          noted adverse reactions from highly concentrated doses in guinea pigs.
          Therefore, the Company could be subjected to claims for adverse
          reactions resulting from the use of Product R. In the event any claims
          for substantial amounts were successful, they could have a material
          adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and on the
          marketability of Product R. During November 2002, the Company secured
          $3,000,000 of product liability coverage at a cost of approximately
          $24,000 per annum. In addition, during October 2002, the Company
          secured $3,000,000 in liability coverage for each of the three
          clinical trials in Israel at a cost of approximately $16,000. There
          can be no assurance that the

          PRODUCT LIABILITY

          Company will be able to secure additional insurance in adequate
          amounts or at reasonable premiums if it determined to do so. Should
          the Company be unable to secure additional product liability
          insurance, the risk of loss to the Company in the event of claims
          would be greatly increased and could have a material adverse effect on
          the Company.

          LACK OF PATENT PROTECTION

          The Company has 10 issued U.S. patents, two issued Australian patents
          and one granted China patent for the use of Product R. The Company
          currently has 10 patent applications pending with the U.S. Patent
          Office and 15 foreign patent applications. The Company can give no
          assurance that other companies, having greater economic resources,
          will not be successful in developing a similar product. There can be
          no assurance that such patents, if obtained, will be enforceable.

                                      F-29

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

          STATUS OF FDA FILINGS

          On July 30, 2001, the Company submitted an Investigational New Drug
          (IND) application to the United States Food and Drug Administration
          (FDA) to begin Phase I clinical trials of Product R as a topical
          treatment for genital warts caused by human papilloma virus (HPV)
          infection. In September 2001, the FDA cleared the Company's IND
          application for Product R to begin Phase I clinical trials. The
          Company has commenced these clinical trials. The Phase I initial
          trials are placebo controlled, open label, dose escalation safety
          studies in healthy volunteers. These studies are being conducted in
          the United States under the supervision of GloboMax, LLC. On April 12,
          2002, the Company successfully completed Phase 1 trials. Phase 2
          trials are pivotal clinical investigations designed to establish the
          efficacy and safety of Product R. Currently, the Company does not have
          sufficient funds available to pursue the Phase 2 clinical trials of
          Product R as a topical treatment for genital warts caused by HPV
          infection.

          STATUS OF ISRAEL CLINICAL TRIALS

          In June 2002 the Israeli Ministry of Health approved the testing of
          Product R in the following clinical trials using injectable Product R,
          which began during November 2002:

               -    Phase I/Phase Ii Study in Cachectic Patients Needing Salvage
                    Therapy for aids. These patients have failed highly active
                    anti-retroviral therapy (HAART), remain on HAART, and
                    require salvage therapy. The Company believes that Product R
                    may have three major beneficial effects in patients with
                    AIDS:

                           -        First, its therapeutic effects on body
                                    wasting (cachexia) seen in patients with
                                    AIDS:

                           -        Second, the mitigation of the toxicity of
                                    drugs included in HAART regimens for the
                                    treatment of AIDS:

                           -        Third, the synergistic activity with drugs
                                    used in HAART regimens to suppress the
                                    replication of HIV and increase the CD4 and
                                    CD8 cell counts in patients with AIDS:

                    The Company believes that Product R may prove to be an
                    important "enabler" drug in the treatment of AIDS.

               -    Phase I Study in Cachectic Patients with Leukemia and
                    Lymphoma. Included are patients with acute lymphocytic
                    leukemia, multiple Myeloma, Hodgkin's disease and
                    non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.

               -    Phase I Study in Cachectic Patients with Solid Tumors.
                    Included are patients with solid tumors such as colonic,
                    lung, breast, stomach and kidney cancers.

                                      F-30

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

     STATUS OF ISRAEL CLINICAL TRIALS (Continued)

          The Company's objective for the three Israeli trials is to determine
          the safety, tolerance and metabolic characteristics of Product R.
          Although there can be no assurances, the Company anticipate that the
          clinical trials in Israel will help facilitate the planned
          investigational new drug (IND) application process for injectable
          Product R with the FDA.

          In April 2001, the Company formalized a 12 month agreement with
          Selikoff Center in Israel to develop clinical trials in Israel using
          Product R. It is anticipated that these trials will support future FDA
          applications. As of December 31, 2002, the Company paid $242,000 for
          such research.

          In September 2002, the Company entered into a contract with EnviroGene
          LLC, an affiliate of the Selikoff Center, to conduct, evaluate and
          maintain the scientific quality for the 3 clinical studies listed
          above. Under the terms of this agreement, EnviroGene will (1) finalize
          all Israeli government and hospital approval documents, (2) complete
          and organize the 3 clinical trials including establishing a network of
          scientists to perform said study/trial and initiate recruitment of
          patients and (3) perform the studies/trials and evaluate the results.
          Total costs incurred by EnviroGene LLC in connection with these
          clinical trials are expected to be $1,551,000, of which $625,000 has
          been paid through December 31, 2002.

          In the fourth quarter of 2002, the Company entered into various
          agreements supporting the clinical trials in Israel aggregating
          approximately $1,000,000 to be paid over a twelve-month period. These
          services include the monitoring and auditing of the clinical sites,
          hospital support and laboratory testing.

          In March 2003, the Company commenced discussions and began to draft
          protocols to expand the ongoing Israeli clinical trials of Product R
          for the treatment of AIDS patients (who have failed HAART and remain
          on HAART therapy) into late Phase II blinded, controlled clinical
          trials.

          On July 8, 2002, the Company extended an agreement with the Weizmann
          Institute of Science and Yeda its developmental arm in Israel, to
          conduct research on the effects of Product R on the immune system,
          especially on T lymphocytes. In addition, scientists will explore the
          effects of Product R in animal models. Under its provisions the study
          period is extended for another twelve months to July 7, 2003. Total
          costs incurred in connection with this research are expected to be
          $138,000, of which payments of $40,000 were made in July 2002 and
          November 2002.

                                      F-31

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

          CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

          HIRSCHMAN AGREEMENT

          In May 1995, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with
          Shalom Hirschman, M.D., Professor of Medicine of Mt. Sinai School of
          Medicine, New York, New York and Director of Mt. Sinai's Division of
          Infectious Diseases, whereby Dr. Hirschman was to provide consulting
          services to the Company through May 1997. The consulting services
          included the development and location of pharmacological and
          biotechnology companies and assisting the Company in seeking joint
          ventures with and financing of companies in such industries. In
          connection with the consulting agreement, the Company issued to Dr.
          Hirschman 1,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock and the
          option to acquire 5,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock for a
          period of three years as per the vesting schedule as referred to in
          the agreement, at a purchase price of $0.18 per share. As of December
          31, 2002, 900,000 shares have been issued upon exercise of these
          options for cash consideration of $162,000 under this Agreement.

          In March 1996, the Company entered into an addendum to the consulting
          agreement with Dr. Hirschman whereby Dr. Hirschman agreed to provide
          consulting services to the Company through May 2000 (the "Addendum").
          Pursuant to the Addendum, the Company granted to Dr. Hirschman and his
          designees options to purchase an aggregate of 15,000,000 shares of the
          Company's common stock for a three year period pursuant to the
          following schedule: (i) options to purchase 5,000,000 shares
          exercisable at any time and from time to time commencing March 24,
          1996 and ending March 1999 at an exercise price of $0.19 per share;
          (ii) options to purchase 5,000,000 shares exercisable at any time and
          from time to time commencing March 24, 1997 and ending March 1999 at
          an exercise price of $0.27 per share; and (iii) options to purchase
          5,000,000 shares exercisable at any time and from time to time
          commencing March 24, 1998 and ending March 1999 at an exercise price
          of $0.36 per share. In addition, the Company has agreed to cause the
          shares underlying these options to be registered so long as there is
          no cost to the Company.

          Dr. Hirschman assigned to third parties unaffiliated with the Company
          options to acquire an aggregate of three million shares of the
          Company's common stock, all of which assigned options have expired and
          are no longer exercisable, except for 75,000 at $0.27 and 75,000 at
          $0.36. During March 2001 these options were extended until December
          2001. As a result of this modification of the option terms, the fair
          value of the option was estimated to be $23,291 based on a financial
          analysis of the terms of the option using the Black-Scholes pricing
          model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; risk
          free interest rate of 6%. This amount was recorded in March 2001.
          These options were further extended in December 2001 until June 2002.
          As a result of this modification of the option terms, the fair value
          of the options was estimated to be $6,158 based on a financial
          analysis of the terms of the options using the Black-Scholes pricing
          model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; risk
          free interest rate of 5%. This amount was recorded in December 2001.
          These options were further extended in June 2002 until December 2002,
          and the exercise prices were increased to $0.28 and $0.37,
          respectively. This amount was recorded in June 2002. As a result of
          this modification of

                                      F-32

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

          CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

          HIRSCHMAN AGREEMENT (Continued)

          the option terms, the fair value of the options was estimated to be
          $3,078 based on a financial analysis of the terms of the options using
          the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions:
          expected volatility of 80%; risk free interest rate of 5%.

          From October 1996 to August 2003, Dr. Hirschman was the Chief
          Executive Officer of the Company. In February 1998, the Company
          granted to Dr. Hirschman options to purchase 23,000,000 shares of the
          Company's common stock at an exercise price of $0.27 from time to time
          until February 2008. These options vested upon the Company's filing an
          IND application with the FDA. In February 1998, the Company extended
          the expiration date of the following options previously granted to Dr.
          Hirschman from March 1999 to February 2008: (i) options to purchase
          4,100,000 shares at $0.18 per share; (ii) options to purchase
          4,000,000 shares at $0.19 per share; (iii) options to purchase
          4,000,000 shares at $0.27 per share; and (iv) options to purchase
          4,000,000 shares at $0.36 per share.

          In May 2000, the Company and Dr. Hirschman entered into a second
          amended and restated employment agreement (the "Agreement") which
          supersedes in its entirety the July 1998 Employment Agreement.
          Pursuant to this Agreement, Dr. Hirschman was employed to serve as
          Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company until December
          31, 2002, provided, however, the Agreement is extended automatically
          by one year, each year, unless notice of termination has been given by
          either Dr. Hirschman or the Company. In July 2002, the Company
          notified Dr. Hirschman that the Agreement will not be extended
          subsequent to December 31, 2004. The Agreement provides for Dr.
          Hirschman to receive an annual base salary of $361,000 (effective
          January 1, 2000), use of an automobile, major medical, disability,
          dental and term life insurance benefits for the term of his employment
          and for the payment of $100,000 to Dr. Hirschman on the earlier to
          occur of (i) the date an IND number is obtained from and approved by
          the FDA so that human research may be conducted using Product R; or
          (ii) the execution of an agreement relating to co-marketing pursuant
          to which one or more third parties commit to make payments to the
          Company of at least $15 million. On September 4, 2001, the Company
          received an IND number from the FDA. Therefore, of the $100,000
          described above, $25,000 was paid as of December 31, 2001 with an
          additional $25,000 paid through December 31, 2002.

          The Agreement also provides for previously issued options to acquire
          23,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.27 per option share to be
          immediately vested as of the date of this agreement and are
          exercisable until February 17, 2008. The fair value of these options
          was estimated to be $5,328,000 based upon a financial analysis of the
          terms of the options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the
          following assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; a risk free
          interest rate of 6% and an expected life of 32 months. The Company has
          recognized the $5,328,441 fair value of the options as compensation
          expense on a pro-forma basis in May 2000 based upon the vesting terms
          of the employment agreement.

                                      F-33

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

          CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

          OTHER EMPLOYEES

          In connection with the employment of its Chief Financial Officer, the
          Company granted Alan Gallantar options to purchase an aggregate of
          4,547,880 shares of the Company's common stock. Such options have a
          term of ten years commencing October 1, 1999 through September 30,
          2009 and have an exercise price of $0.24255 per share. These options
          are fully vested.

          The fair value of these options was estimated to be $376,126 ($0.0827
          per option share) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the
          options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following
          assumptions: expected volatility of 20%; a risk free interest rate of
          6% and an expected life of ten years.

          On January 3 and December 29, 2000, the Company issued to certain
          other employees stock options to acquire an aggregate of 430,000 and
          716,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.21 and $0.33
          per share, respectively. These options expire on January 2, 2010 and
          December 29, 2010, respectively, and vest in 20% increments at the end
          of each year for five years. The fair value of the these options was
          estimated to be $42,342 ($0.1721 per option share) and $117,893
          ($0.2788 per option share), respectively, based upon a financial
          analysis of the terms of the options using the Black-Scholes Pricing
          Model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; a
          risk free interest rate of 6%; an expected life of ten years; and a
          termination rate of 10%.

          In May 2002, the Company granted to certain of its employees options
          to purchase 274,000 shares of the Company's common stock. Such options
          have an exercise price of $0.17 per share, vest in 20% increments over
          a five-year period commencing January 2003 through January 2012. The
          fair value of the these options was estimated to be $43,922 ($0.1603
          per option share) and based upon a financial analysis of the terms of
          the options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following
          assumptions: expected volatility of 117%; a risk free interest rate of
          4.38%; an expected life of approximately 10 years. The Company will
          recognize the fair value of the options as compensation expense on a
          pro-forma basis over approximately 5 years (the vesting period of the
          options).

                                      F-34

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

          CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

          OPTIONS GRANTED TO MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ADVISORY
          BOARDS

          MEMBERS OF ADVISORY BOARDS

          The Company values these options based upon a measurement date
          consistent with the vesting schedule of the options.

          In May 2002, the Company granted to members of its of the Scientific
          Advisory Board and Business Advisory Board options to purchase an
          aggregate of 2,250,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of
          $0.12 per share, which options are exercisable 25% immediately, 25% on
          June 20, 2002, 25% on September 20, 2002 and 25% on December 20, 2002
          through May 5, 2010. The fair value of the options was estimated to be
          $246,822 ($0.1097 per option) based upon a financial analysis of the
          terms of the warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the
          following assumptions: expected volatility of 115%; a risk free
          interest rate of 4.88% and an expected holding period of eight years.
          This amount was charged to compensation expense for options and
          warrants during the year ended December 31, 2002. The Company will
          recognize the fair value of the options as compensation expense on a
          pro-forma basis recognizing 25% of the fair value over each vesting
          period. The Business Advisory Board was dissolved during December
          2002.

          In September 2002, the Company granted to Sidney Pestka, M.D., a
          member of the Scientific Advisory Board, options to purchase 250,000
          shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.14 per share, which
          options are exercisable 25% immediately, 25% on December 18, 2002, 25%
          on March 18, 2003 and 25% on June 18, 2003 through September 17, 2010.
          Compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2002 was $6,438.
          The Company will recognize the fair value of the options as
          compensation expense on a pro-forma basis recognizing 25% of the fair
          value over each vesting period.

          In December 2002, the Company granted to members of its Scientific
          Advisory Board options to purchase an additional 1,500,000 shares of
          common stock at an exercise price of $0.075 per share, which options
          are exercisable 25% on March 20, 2003, 25% on June 20, 2003, 25% on
          September 20, 2003 and 25% on December 20, 2003 through December 20,
          2010. Because the options did not begin to vest until March 2003,
          there was no compensation expense for the year ended December 31,
          2002.  The Company will recognize the fair value of the options as
          compensation expense on a pro-forma basis recognizing 25% of the fair
          value over each vesting period.

          BOARD OF DIRECTORS

          In May 2002, the Company granted an aggregate of 4,150,000 options to
          purchase shares of the Company's Common stock to certain Members of
          the Board of Directors and various committees of the Board of
          Directors. The exercise price was $0.12 per share exercisable 25%
          immediately, 25% on June 20, 2002, 25% on September 20, 2002 and 25%
          on December 20, 2002 through May 5, 2010. The fair value of the these
          options was estimated to be $455,249 ($0.1097 per option share) based
          upon a financial analysis of the terms of the options using the
          Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected
          volatility of 115%; a risk free interest rate of 4.88% and an expected
          life of eight years. The Company will recognize the fair value of the
          options as compensation expense on a pro-forma basis recognizing 25%
          of the fair value over each vesting period.

                                      F-35

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

          CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

          OPTIONS GRANTED TO MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ADVISORY
          BOARDS (Continued)

          In June 2002, the Company granted to Roy S. Walzer, upon his becoming
          a member of the Board of Directors and member of various committees of
          the Board, options to purchase 528,800 shares of common stock at an
          exercise price of $0.295 per share, which options are exercisable 25%
          immediately, 25% on September 10, 2002, 25% on December 10, 2002 and
          25% on March 10, 2003 through June 9, 2010. The fair value of the
          these options was estimated to be $140,608 ($0.2659 per option share)
          based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the options using the
          Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected
          volatility of 115%; a risk free interest rate of 4.88% and an expected
          life of eight years. The Company will recognize the fair value of the
          options as compensation expense on a pro-forma basis recognizing 25%
          of the fair value over each vesting period.

          In July 2002, the Company granted to Paul Bishop, upon his becoming a
          member of the Board of Directors, options to purchase 238,356 shares
          of common stock at an exercise price of $0.17 per share,) which
          options are exercisable 25% immediately, 25% on October 29, 2002, 25%
          on January 29, 2003 and 25% on April 29, 2003 through July 28, 2010.
          The fair value of the these options was estimated to be $38,509
          ($0.1616 per option share) based upon a financial analysis of the
          terms of the options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the
          following assumptions: expected volatility of 133%; a risk free
          interest rate of 4.38% and an expected life of eight years. The
          Company will recognize the fair value of the options as compensation
          expense on a pro-forma basis recognizing 25% of the fair value over
          each vesting period.

          In September 2002, the Company granted to Richard Kent, upon his
          becoming a member of the Board of Directors, and member of various
          committees of the Board, options to purchase 241,096 shares of common
          stock at an exercise price of $0.14 per share, which options are
          exercisable 25% immediately, 25% on December 24, 2002, 25% on March
          24, 2003 and 25% on June 24, 2003 through September 23, 2010. The fair
          value of the these options was estimated to be $29,377 ($0.1218 per
          option share) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of the
          options using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following
          assumptions: expected volatility of 127%; a risk free interest rate of
          4.38% and an expected life of eight years. The Company will recognize
          the fair value of the options as compensation expense on a pro-forma
          basis recognizing 25% of the fair value over each vesting period.

          In December 2002, the Company granted an aggregate of 10,600,000
          options to purchase shares of the Company's Common stock to certain
          Members of the Board of Directors and various committees of the Board
          of Directors. The exercise price was $0.075 per share are exercisable
          25% on March 20, 2003, 25% on June 20, 2003, 25% on September 20, 2003
          and 25% on December 20, 2003 through December 20, 2010. The fair value
          of the options was estimated to be $773,042 ($0.0729 per option) based
          upon a financial analysis of the terms of the options using the
          Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions: expected
          volatility of 114%; a risk free interest rate of 4.14% and an expected
          holding period of eight years. The Company will recognize the fair
          value of the options as compensation expense on a pro-forma basis
          recognizing 25% of the fair value over each vesting period.

                                      F-36

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

          CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

          OPTIONS GRANTED TO MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ADVISORY
          BOARDS (Continued)

          Upon resignation, directors no longer provide services to the Company
          and there are no modifications to the terms of their options.

          There were no other options outstanding that would require pro forma
          presentation.

          On November 4, 2002, Paul Bishop resigned from the Company's Board of
          Directors. Under the terms of his option agreement he is entitled to
          exercise options to purchase 119,178 shares of the Company's common
          stock until November 3, 2005.

          On November 4, 2002, James F. Dicke, II resigned from the Company's
          Board of Directors. Under the terms of his option agreement, he is
          entitled to exercise options to purchase 600,000 shares of the
          Company's common stock until November 3, 2005.

          On November 6, 2002, Jozef Straus resigned from the Company's Business
          Advisory Board. Under the terms of his option agreement he is entitled
          to exercise options to purchase 187,500 shares of the Company's common
          stock until November 5, 2005.

          During February 2003, Richard S. Kent resigned from the Company's
          Board of Directors. Under the terms of his option agreements he is
          entitled to exercise options to purchase 394,437 shares of the
          Company's common stock until February 2006.

          Upon resignation, directors no longer provide services to the Company
          and there are no modifications to the terms of their options.

          SUMMARY OF STOCK OPTIONS

          The fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant using
          Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
          assumptions used for grants in 2000, 2001, and 2002, respectively:
          divided yield of 0.0% percent for all years; expected volatility of
          80%, N/A, and 113% to 133%, risk-free interest rates of 6%, N/A, and
          4-6% and expected lives of 10, N/A, and 8 to 10 years. A summary of
          the status of the Company's fixed stock options as of December 31,
          2002, 2001 and 2000, and changes during the years ending on those
          dates is presented below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         2002                           2001                           2000
                                                   WEIGHTED-AVERAGE               WEIGHTED-AVERAGE                WEIGHTED-AVERAGE
                                        SHARES      EXERCISE PRICE     SHARES      EXERCISE PRICE      SHARES      EXERCISE PRICE
                                        ------      --------------     ------      --------------      ------      --------------
<S>                                   <C>          <C>                <C>         <C>                <C>          <C>
Outstanding at beginning of year      51,056,380        .2557         51,426,380       .2560         55,438,880        .265
  Granted                             19,782,252          .10            100,000         .31          1,146,000       .2818
  Exercised                                   --           --            (60,000)        .30         (5,158,500)        .27
  Forfeited                           (7,005,205)          --           (410,000)         --                 --
Outstanding at end of year            63,833,427        .2122         51,056,380       .2557         51,426,380       .2560
Options exercisable at year-end       50,473,879        .2433         48,518,420       .2553         48,394,460       .2568
Weighted-average fair value of
options granted during the year                           .10                            .31                          .2818
</TABLE>

                                      F-37

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

          CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

          SUMMARY OF STOCK OPTIONS (Continued)

          The following table summarizes information about stock options
          outstanding at December 31, 2002:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   OPTIONS OUTSTANDING                               OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                                   -------------------                               -------------------
                      NUMBER       WEIGHTED-AVERAGE                             NUMBER
   RANGE OF        OUTSTANDING        REMAINING        WEIGHTED-AVERAGE       EXERCISABLE      WEIGHTED-AVERAGE
EXERCISE PRICES    AT 12/31/02     CONTRACTUAL LIFE     EXERCISE PRICE        AT 12/31/02       EXERCISE PRICE
---------------    ------------    ----------------    ----------------       -----------      ----------------
<S>                <C>             <C>                 <C>                    <C>              <C>
  .08 - .12          17,937,500       9.5 years             .093                5,837,500               .12
  .13 - .18           4,865,096       5.5 years            .1754                4,345,548             .1777
  .19 - .27          35,832,880       5.4 years            .2571               35,661,880             .2573
  .28 - .36           5,197,951       5.6 years            .3485                4,628,951             .3519
</TABLE>

          Financial reporting of the options granted to Hirschman, Gallantar,
          other employees and members of the Board of Directors and committees
          of the Board of Directors has been prepared pursuant to the Company's
          policy of following APB No. 25 and related interpretations.
          Accordingly, the following pro-forma financial information is
          presented to reflect amortization of the fair value of the options.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      2002           2002          2001            2001              2000           2000
                                      ----           ----          ----            ----              ----           ----
                                    REPORTED       RESTATED       REPORTED        RESTATED       AS REPORTED      RESTATED
                                  ------------   ------------   ------------    ------------     ------------   ------------
<S>                               <C>            <C>            <C>             <C>              <C>            <C>
Net loss                          $(10,342,335)  $ (9,321,065)  $(11,715,568)   $(11,086,567)    $ (9,354,664)  $ (8,816,192)
Deduct: total stock-based
  compensation expense
  determined under fair value
  based method for all awards,
  net of related tax effects        (2,016,132)      (724,048)    (2,374,643)       (154,034)      (1,799,827)    (5,453,816)
Pro forma net loss                $(12,358,467)  $(10,045,113)  $(14,090,211)   $(11,240,601)    $(11,154,491)  $(14,270,008)
Loss per share - basic and
  diluted
   As reported                    $      (0.02)  $      (0.02)  $      (0.03)   $      (0.03)    $      (0.03)  $      (0.02)
   Pro forma                      $      (0.03)  $      (0.02)  $      (0.04)   $      (0.03)    $      (0.03)  $      (0.04)
</TABLE>

          GLOBOMAX AGREEMENT

          On January 18, 1999, the Company entered into a consulting agreement
          with GloboMax LLC to provide services at hourly rates established by
          the contract to the Company's Investigational New Drug application
          submission and to perform all work that is necessary to obtain FDA
          approval. In addition, GloboMax and its subcontractors are assisting
          the Company in conducting Phase I clinical trials for Product R. The
          contract was extended by mutual consent of both parties. The Company
          has paid approximately $5,031,000 for services rendered and
          reimbursement of expenses by GloboMax and its subcontractors through
          December 31, 2002.

                                      F-38

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

          CONSULTING AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS (Continued)

          HARBOR VIEW AGREEMENT

          On February 7, 2000, the Company entered into a consulting agreement
          with Harbor View Group, Inc. for past and future consulting services
          related to corporate structures, financial transactions, financial
          public relations and other matters through December 31, 2000. In
          connection with this agreement, the Company issued warrants to
          purchase 1,750,000 shares at an exercise price of $0.21 per share and
          warrants to purchase 1,750,000 shares at an exercise price of $0.26
          per share until February 28, 2005. The fair value of the warrants was
          estimated to be $200,249 ($0.057 per warrant) based upon a financial
          analysis of the terms of the warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing
          Model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 90%; a
          risk free interest rate of 6% and an expected holding period of eleven
          months (the term of the consulting agreement). This amount was
          amortized to consulting expense during the year ended December 31,
          2000.

          In May 2002, the Company entered into an agreement with Harbor View
          Group, Inc., which terminated all consulting agreements with Harbor
          View Group, Inc. as of December 31, 2001. In consideration for
          consulting services provided by Harbor View to the Company from
          January 2002 to May 2002, the Company granted to Harbor View warrants
          to purchase 1,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an
          exercise price of $0.18 per share. The warrants are exercisable in
          whole or in part at any time and from time to time prior to May 30,
          2008. The fair value of the warrants was estimated to be $190,757
          ($0.1908 per warrant) based upon a financial analysis of the terms of
          the warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following
          assumptions: expected volatility of 117%; a risk free interest rate of
          4.38% and an expected holding period of six years. This amount was
          charged to compensation expense for options and warrants during the
          year ended December 31, 2002.

          DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENTS

          The Company currently is a party to separate agreements with four
          different entities, whereby the Company has granted exclusive rights
          to distribute Product R in the countries of Canada, China, Japan,
          Macao, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Mexico, Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay,
          Uruguay, Brazil and Chile. Pursuant to these agreements, distributors
          are obligated to cause Product R to be approved for commercial sale in
          such countries and, upon such approval, to purchase from the Company
          certain minimum quantities of Product R to maintain the exclusive
          distribution rights. Leonard Cohen, a former consultant to the
          Company, has informed the Company that he is an affiliate of two of
          these entities. To date, the Company has recorded revenue classified
          as other income for the sale of territorial rights under the
          distribution agreements. The Company has made no sales under the
          distribution agreements other than for testing purposes.

                                      F-39

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

          CONSTRUCTION COMMITMENT

          In November 1999, the Company entered into an agreement with an
          unaffiliated third party to construct leasehold improvements at an
          approximate cost of $380,000 for research and development purposes at
          the Company's Yonkers, New York facilities which has been completed as
          of June 30, 2001. In October 2000, the Company entered into another
          agreement with the unaffiliated third party to construct additional
          leasehold improvements at an approximate cost of $325,000 for research
          and development purposes at the Company's Yonkers, New York
          facilities, of which the entire amount has been incurred as of
          December 31, 2001. During 2002, additional costs were incurred to
          complete leasehold improvements for research and development purposes
          of approximately $222,000, which has not been paid at December 31,
          2002.

          SOFTWARE ACQUISITION

          During 2001, the Company contracted with a software vendor at a cost
          of approximately $500,000 to acquire and install an SAP system for
          accounting, administrative and production control. As of December 31,
          2001, the entire cost was incurred and was capitalized as an
          additional element of cost of the computer equipment.

          LEASES

          CAPITAL LEASES

          During 1998, the Company entered into a purchase lease agreement for
          equipment totaling $222,318. The lease calls for monthly payments of
          $4,529 for 60 months commencing on September 1998 and expiring on July
          2003. During 1999, the Company entered into a purchase lease agreement
          for equipment totaling $38,645. The lease calls for monthly payments
          of $965 for 48 months commencing in August 1999 and expiring in July
          2003. During 2000, the Company entered into a purchase lease agreement
          for equipment totaling $13,197. The lease calls for monthly payments
          of $447 for 36 months commencing in January 2001 and expiring in
          December 2003. During 2002, the Company entered into a purchase lease
          agreement for equipment totaling $146,672. The lease calls for monthly
          payments of $5,903 for 24 months commencing in February 2002 and
          expiring in January 2004.

          Future minimum capital lease payments and the net present value of the
          future minimum lease payments at December 31, 2002 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Year ending December 31:
<S>                                                             <C>
   2003                                                         $    108,764
   2004                                                                5,903
                                                                ------------
Total minimum lease payments                                         114,667
Less amount representing interest                                      4,114
                                                                ------------
Net present value of future minimum lease payments                   110,553
Less current maturities                                              104,719
                                                                ------------
                                                                $      5,834
                                                                ============
</TABLE>

                                      F-40

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

          LEASES (Continued)

          OPERATING LEASES

          Management executed a non-cancelable lease for new office space in
          Florida on January 1, 1996, expiring on December 31, 1999 at
          approximately $17,000 annually. The Company has three options to renew
          for an additional one year per option. Management has exercised its
          second option for the year 2001. Effective December 2001, the Company
          closed its Florida office.

          On December 30, 1998, the Company executed an amendment to its
          existing lease dated April 1997 for the laboratory facilities in
          Yonkers, New York. The lease on the additional space is effective May
          1, 1999. The new lease adds 10,550 square feet (for a total of 16,650
          square feet) and extends its term until April 2005. Annual rent on the
          original lease is approximately $85,000. Rent for the additional
          facilities is approximately $175,000. Total rental commitment for the
          Yonkers facilities will be $260,000 until May 1, 2002 at which time it
          will increase to approximately $290,000.

          The Company leased an automobile in November 1999 for 39 months at
          $711 per month expiring in January 2003. The Company entered into a
          new 39 month lease for $716 per month, starting in February 2003 and
          expiring in April 2006.

          Total lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and
          2000 amounted to $298,763, $263,609 and $296,064, respectively.

          Future minimum lease commitments as of December 31, 2002 are as
          follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Year ending December 31:
<S>                                                             <C>
   2003                                                         $ 299,000
   2004                                                           299,000
   2005                                                           105,000
                                                                ---------
     Total                                                      $ 703,000
                                                                =========
</TABLE>

NOTE 12.  SEVERANCE AGREEMENTS

          On December 3, 2001, William Bregman, Bernard Friedland and Louis
          Silver resigned as officers and directors of the Company upon the
          terms and conditions of separate severance agreements. The
          resignations were not due to any disagreement with the Company or any
          matter relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices.

          In connection with their resignation, the Company paid $150,000 to
          each of Messrs. Bregman and Friedland and $2,500 to Mr. Silver. In
          connection with the severance agreements, the Company obtained a loan
          in the amount of $200,000 from the Company's Chief Financial Officer,
          as evidenced by a demand promissory note. The note was repaid on
          December 17, 2001.

                                      F-41

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 13.  LITIGATION

          In December 2002 the Company filed suit in the Circuit Court of the
          11th Judicial Circuit of Florida charging that certain investors
          "misrepresented their intentions in investing in the Company" and
          "engaged in a series of manipulative activities to depress the price
          of Advanced Viral stock." The Company alleges that the defendants
          sought to "guarantee they would be issued significantly more shares of
          ADVR common stock" as a result of warrant repricing provisions of a
          September 2002 financing agreement. The Company is seeking a judgment
          for damages, interest and costs.

          The complaint names SDS Merchant Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited
          partnership; Alpha Capital, A.G., located in Vaduz, Lichtenstein;
          Knight Securities, L.P., a limited partnership conducting securities
          business in Florida; Stonestreet Limited Partnership located in
          Canada; and Bristol Investment Fund, LTD., whose principal place of
          business is in Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands, among others. The
          complaint claims that the "defendants have each, at times acting
          individually, and at times acting in concert with at least one or more
          of each other," engaged in practices that violate sections of the
          Florida Securities and Investor Protection Act.

          Also named as a plaintiff in the case is William B. Bregman, a
          resident of Miami-Dade County, Florida, and one of the largest
          shareholders of the Company. The complaint alleges that Mr. Bregman
          suffered losses of approximately $3.9 million as a result of the stock
          manipulation scheme.

          The suit is related to an agreement, announced September 9, 2002,
          pursuant to which the Company issued and sold to certain investors
          21,500,000 shares of its common stock for total gross proceeds of
          $3,010,000, or $.14 per share. The Company also issued warrants to
          purchase an aggregate of 16,125,002 shares of the Company's common
          stock, which were covered by provisions that allowed for an adjustment
          of the warrant exercise price. The complaint charges the defendants
          with manipulating the share price to take favorable advantage of these
          warrant pricing provisions.

          Following the initiation of the Company's lawsuit in Florida, three of
          the purchasers in the September financing (Alpha Capital, A.G.,
          Bristol Investment Fund, Ltd. and Stonestreet Limited Partnership (the
          "Alpha Plaintiffs") filed separate lawsuits in the U.S. District Court
          for the Southern District of New York. The suits sought a preliminary
          injunction and other relief for breach of contract. The District Court
          entered an order on February 11, 2003 upon a motion of the Alpha
          Plaintiffs, that required that (i) the Company deliver to the Alpha
          Plaintiffs the shares of Company common stock issuable upon exercise
          of the warrants; (ii) the Alpha Plaintiffs post a bond of either
          $100,000 or the market value of the warrant shares, whichever is
          higher for each group of warrants as of the first and second
          determination dates; and (iii) all the proceeds from the sale of the
          warrant shares be placed in escrow pending final resolution of the
          litigation. Within ten days of the entry of the order, the Company
          moved to alter/amend the judgment and/or reconsideration of the
          Court's order requesting relief from the Court's order. The Court
          denied this motion and ordered the Company to immediately deliver the
          warrant shares to the Alpha Plaintiffs upon their payment of the
          exercise price and posting of a bond, without further delay and no
          later than April 8, 2003. The Company has appealed the order denying
          the motion for reconsideration. The Company continues to consider and
          pursue all of its options relating to the litigation, including
          resolution through settlement.

                                      F-42

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 14.  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

          During 2001, the Company issued 23,082,245 shares of common stock for
          an aggregate consideration of $5,895,491. The amounts were comprised
          of the issuance of 22,845,834 shares of common stock for cash of
          $5,765,000, issuance of 60,000 shares common stock pursuant to the
          exercise of options for $18,000, issuance of 76,411 shares of common
          stock pursuant to the cashless exercise of warrants for $77,491 and
          issuance of 100,000 shares of common stock in exchange for services
          for $35,000.

          During 2002, Company issued 52,227,127 shares of common stock for an
          aggregate consideration of $6,529,608. The amounts were comprised of
          the issuance of 50,018,491 shares of common stock for cash of
          $6,229,608 and issuance of 2,208,636 shares of common stock upon
          conversion of $300,000 of convertible debentures.

          During 2002, 2001 and 2000, additional paid-in-capital was recorded of
          $177,963, $691,404 and $1,901,927, respectively. A summary of these
          modifications to equity instruments is set forth below:

                 SUMMARY OF MODIFICATIONS TO EQUITY INSTRUMENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            BLACK-SCHOLES                      ORIGINAL          ORIGINAL              NEW              NEW
YEAR       GRANTEE           CALCULATION    OPTION SHARES   EXERCISE PRICE    EXPIRATION DATE      EXERCISE PRICE   EXPIRATION DATE
----       -------         --------------   -------------   --------------    -----------------    --------------   ---------------
<S>     <C>                <C>              <C>             <C>               <C>                  <C>              <C>
2000    DCT                $      166,860         734,000      $  0.21            7/1/2000           $  0.22          12/31/2000
2000    DCT                $      108,429         744,000      $  0.22          12/31/2000           $  0.24          12/31/2001
2000    Leonard Cohen      $       55,023         200,000      $  0.16            7/1/2000           $  0.17          12/31/2000
2000    Leonard Cohen      $       17,311         100,000      $  0.17          12/31/2000           $  0.19          12/31/2001
2000    Elliott Bauer      $      953,885       3,349,500      $  0.14            7/1/2000           $  0.16          12/31/2000
2000    Elliott Bauer      $      600,419       3,349,500      $  0.16          12/31/2000           $  0.18          12/31/2001
                           --------------       ---------
                           $    1,901,927       8,477,000

2001    Richard Rubin      $       25,595         144,000      $  0.27           3/23/2001           $  0.27          12/31/2001
2001    Richard Rubin      $       38,518         290,000      $  0.36           3/23/2001           $  0.36          12/31/2001
2001    Elliott Bauer      $       13,330          75,000      $  0.27           3/23/2001           $  0.27          12/31/2001
2001    Elliott Bauer      $        9,961          75,000      $  0.36           3/23/2001           $  0.36          12/31/2001
2001    Henry Kamioner     $      115,291         500,000      $  0.19           3/23/2001           $  0.19          12/31/2001
2001    Henry Kamioner     $       88,870         500,000      $  0.27           3/23/2001           $  0.27          12/31/2001
2001    Henry Kamioner     $       66,410         500,000      $  0.36           3/23/2001           $  0.36          12/31/2001
2001    Elliott Bauer      $      318,359       3,349,500      $  0.18          12/31/2001           $  0.19           6/30/2002
2001    Elliott Bauer      $        3,958          75,000      $  0.27          12/31/2001           $  0.28           6/30/2002
2001    Elliott Bauer      $        2,200          75,000      $  0.36          12/31/2001           $  0.37           6/30/2002
2001    Leonard Cohen      $        8,912         100,000      $  0.19          12/31/2001           $  0.20           6/30/2002
                           --------------       ---------
                           $      691,404       5,683,500

2002    Bauer              $      174,068       3,349,500      $  0.19           6/30/2002           $  0.19          12/31/2002
2002    Bauer              $        2,372          75,000      $  0.28           6/30/2002           $  0.28          12/31/2002
2002    Bauer              $        1,523          75,000      $  0.37           6/30/2002           $  0.37          12/31/2002
                           --------------       ---------
                           $      177,963       3,499,500
</TABLE>

                                      F-43

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 15.  INCOME TAXES

          The Company accounts for income taxes under the provisions of
          Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109, Accounting
          for Income Taxes. SFAS No. 109 is an asset and liability approach for
          computing deferred income taxes.

          As of December 31, 2002 and 2001, the Company had net operating loss
          carryforwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes amounting to
          approximately $39,400,000 and $31,600,000, which expire in varying
          amounts to 2021.

          The Company presently has temporary differences between financial
          reporting and income tax reporting relating to the amortization of
          warrant costs, compensation expense for the extension of options,
          depreciation and patent costs.

          The components of the deferred tax asset as of December 31, 2002 and
          2001 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         2002           2002            2001           2001
                                                       --------       --------        --------       --------
                                                       Reported       Restated        Reported       Restated
                                                       --------       --------        --------       --------
<S>                                                   <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>
Benefit of net operating loss carryforwards           $13,634,000    $13,379,340     $11,730,000    $10,727,340
Less valuation allowance                               13,634,000     13,379,340      11,730,000     10,727,340
                                                      -----------    -----------     -----------    -----------
Net deferred tax asset                                $         -    $         -     $         -    $         -
                                                      ===========    ===========     ===========    ===========
</TABLE>

          As of December 31, 2002 and 2001, sufficient uncertainty exists
          regarding the realizability of these operating loss carryforwards and,
          accordingly, a 100% valuation allowance has been established regarding
          these deferred tax assets.

          In accordance with certain provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, a
          change in ownership of greater than 50% of a corporation within a
          three year period will place an annual limitation on the corporation's
          ability to utilize its existing tax benefit carryforwards. The
          Company's utilization of its tax benefit carryforwards may be further
          restricted in the event of future changes in the ownership of the
          Company from the exercise of options and warrants or other future
          issuances of common stock.

                                      F-44

<PAGE>

                          ADVANCED VIRAL RESEARCH CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)

NOTE 16.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

          SFAS No. 144 requires the operating results of any assets with their
          own identifiable cash flows that are disposed of or held for sale to
          be removed from income from continuing operations and reported as
          discontinued operations. The operating results for any such assets for
          any prior periods presented must also be reclassified as discontinued
          operations. See Note 1 and Note 5 for more detail regarding the planed
          sale of LTD and classification as held for sale during 2002. The
          following table details the amounts reclassified to discontinued
          operations:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                             Inception
                                                                                           (February 20,
                                                                                              1984) to
                                                    Year Ended December 31,                 December 31,
                                                    -----------------------                -------------
                                              2002            2001           2000               2002
                                              ----            ----           ----               ----
<S>                                       <C>            <C>             <C>               <C>
Revenues                                  $       -      $         -     $         -       $           -
                                          ---------      -----------     -----------       -------------
Costs and Expenses:
   General and administrative               181,348          238,311         207,941           1,310,350
   Depreciation                              20,062           21,048          16,165             271,498
                                          ---------      -----------     -----------       -------------
                                            201,410          259,359         224,106           1,581,848
                                          ---------      -----------     -----------       -------------
Loss from Operations                       (201,410)        (259,359)       (224,106)         (1,581,848)
Other Income                                    256              245             245               4,655
                                          ---------      -----------     -----------       -------------
   Discontinued operations                $(201,154)     $  (259,114)    $  (223,861)      $  (1,577,193)
                                          =========      ===========     ===========       =============
</TABLE>

NOTE 17.  401(K) PLAN

          In December 1999, the Company adopted a 401(k) plan that allows
          eligible employees to contribute up to 20% of their salary, subject to
          annual limits imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company
          matches 50% of the first 6% of the employee contributions in common
          stock and may, at its discretion, make additional contributions based
          upon earnings. In March 2001, the Company funded the 401(k) plan with
          $23,757 to enable the 401(k) plan to purchase shares of common stock
          on the open market to contribute to the 401(k) plan for the employer
          match for the year ended December 31, 2001. At December 31, 2002 the
          Company accrued $40,675 to fund the 401k plan representing the
          Company's match for the plan year 2002. The Company intends to
          purchase common stock in the open market at prevailing market prices
          to satisfy its 2002 matching contribution obligations. In March 2003,
          the Company amended the terms of the Company's 401(k) plan to
          terminate the obligation to make matching contributions.

                                      F-45

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
