<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a2040288z10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10-K405
<TEXT>

<PAGE>






                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                   -----------

                                    FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

|X|   ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
      1934.

      For the fiscal year ended November 30, 2000.

| |   TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
      OF 1934.

      For the transition period from                 to

                           COMMISSION FILE NO. 0-16401

                                   -----------

                         ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.

               (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

                      NEVADA                                    33-0215295
          (State or other jurisdiction of                    (I.R.S. Employer
           incorporation or organization)                   Identification No.)
20211 S. SUSANA ROAD, RANCHO DOMINGUEZ, CALIFORNIA                 90221
     (Address of principal executive offices)                   (Zip Code)

                                   -----------

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (310) 537-5444

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common Stock,
$.001 par value

                                   -----------

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes |X|  No | |

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. |X|

         There were 8,671,272 shares of the registrant's voting common stock
with a par value of $0.001 outstanding at February 5, 2001. The aggregate market
value of the shares of voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant on February 5, 2001 was $4,074,979.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

         Pursuant to General Instruction G(3), the definitive proxy statement
relating to the registrant's 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated
by reference in Part III to the extent described therein.

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS.

GENERAL

         Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (the "Company"), through its
subsidiaries, develops, manufactures and markets a wide variety of industrial
products. The Company's principal subsidiary, Advanced Materials, Inc. (formerly
known as Wilshire Advanced Materials, Inc.) ("AM"), is the successor to a
forty-five year old business that converts specialty materials including foams,
foils, films and adhesive composites into components and finished products such
as printer cartridge inserts and inking felts, disk drive gaskets, automobile
air conditioning insulators, water and dust seals, surgical pads and applicators
for the medical, electronics, automotive and consumer products markets. Advanced
Materials Foreign Sales Corporation Ltd. ("AM FSC") was formed in Fiscal Year
1997 ("FY97") as a wholly-owned subsidiary of AM to conduct the same business
activities in the Asian market. Advanced Materials Ltd. ("AM Ltd."), was formed
in FY97 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company to conduct the same business
activities in the European market.

         The Company, which was formerly known as Far West Ventures, Inc., was
incorporated in Nevada in October 1986. The Company was inactive from January
1990 until April 1993, when it acquired AM. AM had previously been formed as a
California corporation in August 1992 for the purpose of acquiring the assets of
the General Foam Products division of Wilshire Technologies, Inc. ("WTI"). The
assets acquired by AM constituted a portion of the business and assets
previously acquired by WTI from Wilshire Foam Products, Inc. in November 1990.

         The Company's principal executive offices are located at 20211 S.
Susana Road, Rancho Dominguez, California 90221, and its telephone number is
(310) 537-5444.

ACQUISITIONS

         In November 1992, AM acquired the General Foam Products division of WTI
for aggregate consideration of approximately $5,971,000, including the
assumption of approximately $3,971,000 of certain liabilities of WTI related to
its General Foam Products division.

         In April 1993, AM effected a reverse acquisition of the Company
(formerly known as Far West Ventures, Inc.). In connection with the transaction,
the Company issued 5,030,160 shares of its Common Stock to the shareholders of
AM.

         In October 1993, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of
Condor for aggregate consideration of $1,025,000, payable $640,876 in cash and
the issuance of 55,975 shares of the Company's Common Stock. The Company also
agreed to pay additional consideration to the sellers based upon Condor
achieving specified levels of profit for subsequent calendar years, but that
agreement was replaced in 1995 with a bonus plan based on operating performance.
The Company assumed all of the obligations of Condor (other than federal income
tax liabilities), which amounted to approximately $207,000 as of the closing
date.

         On November 23, 1993, AM purchased from WTI certain assets of WTI's OEM
Medical Products Division that had been used in connection with the private
label manufacturing of products for medical accounts. The aggregate purchase
price was $2,300,000 plus the assumption of liabilities under certain executory
contracts in the approximate amount of $21,000.

         On September 1, 1996 the Company entered into an asset purchase
agreement with Gasket and Molded Products, Inc. ("GMP"), a Colorado corporation,
and its shareholders, whereby for cash of $130,000, as adjusted, the Company
acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of GMP.

BUSINESS STRATEGY

         The Company's objective is to become a leading supplier of specialty
polymeric and advanced materials in both domestic and foreign markets. Polymers
are synthetic chemical structures used in a variety of configurations and
products. The worldwide market for specialty industrial products used as
components in industrial products is substantial. Management believes that
manufacturers are increasingly recognizing the value in conserving or
reallocating their resources by outsourcing the specialty components of their
products. The Company is positioning itself in the marketplace to benefit from
this trend. In addition, the Company is reviewing strategic acquisition
candidates for expansion opportunities.

         The Company's long-term strategy is to penetrate foreign marketplaces
by establishing fabrication plants in such areas as Singapore, Ireland and
Mexico. Two fabrication plants, located in Ireland and Singapore, respectively,
began production in fiscal 1998. The Ireland facility operates as AM Ltd., a
wholly owned subsidiary of Advanced Materials Group, Inc. The Company formed
Advanced


                                       2
<PAGE>

Materials Foreign Sales Corporation Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of AM to
enter into a strategic manufacturing agreement in Singapore. AM FSC Ltd. has
entered into a ten-year agreement with Foamex Asia. ("Foamex"). Terms of the
agreement call for AM FSC to lease production equipment and provide certain
technology to Foamex. Foamex will in turn provide its manufacturing facilities
and workforce to fabricate foam products at Foamex's Singapore facility. The
Company's long-term strategy also includes the identification and acquisition of
undervalued entities, which will add strategic and economic value to the
Company's product line and competitive positioning.

PRODUCTS

         The Company's AM subsidiary manufactures a variety of specialty
materials including foams, foils, films and adhesive composites, into components
and finished products for the automotive, electronics, medical and consumer
products markets. These products include foam inserts for computer printer
cartridges, insulators used in automobile air conditioners, inking felts used in
printers, water and dust seals for automobiles, computers, printers and HVAC
systems, foam filters for trucks, computers and electrical humidifiers, sound
attenuation foam for printers, and foam/fabric composites for cushions and
padding in helmets, soft luggage and other consumer products. In addition,
private label manufacturing of products for medical accounts include
electrosurgical grounding pads, sponges, neck braces, kneepads and other
specialty foam products. All of these products are designed and produced to meet
the specifications of each customer. AM typically provides no warranty for its
products other than compliance with specifications at the time of delivery.

         All of the products produced by AM are manufactured to specifications
furnished by its customers. Accordingly, the Company does not engage in research
and development of new products. The Company has, however, acquired new and
advanced equipment, an example of which is impulse sealing equipment for making
foam/non-woven filters, in order to maintain production capabilities consistent
with its customers' specifications.

MANUFACTURING

         AM currently has two fabrication facilities located in Rancho
Dominguez, California and Dallas, Texas. The Rancho Dominguez facility is
approximately 56,000 square feet and the Dallas facility is approximately 80,000
square feet. The two facilities serve different geographical markets. The Rancho
Dominguez facility services a region consisting of the Western United States,
Northwestern Mexico and the Pacific Rim area. The Dallas facility primarily
services customers in the Southwestern United States and the central and
northeast border area of Mexico. The Rancho Dominguez and Dallas facilities have
substantially the same equipment. A substantial amount of the equipment has been
designed and constructed by AM. The Rancho Dominguez and Dallas facilities each
maintain a separate sales and production staff, while administration is
centralized in the Rancho Dominguez facility.

         AM Ltd. is leasing approximately 37,500 square feet of space in Dublin,
Ireland. The facility serves as the Company's European headquarters and has
substantially the same equipment as in the U.S. facilities.

         AM FSC has a strategic manufacturing agreement in Singapore with
Foamex. Terms of the agreement call for AM FSC to lease production equipment and
provide certain technology to Foamex. Foamex will in turn provide its
manufacturing facilities and workforce to fabricate foam products at Foamex's
Singapore facility

         AM has developed and employs a wide variety of advanced processing
techniques in fabricating its products. These techniques include thermoforming,
vacuum forming, flame lamination, pressure sensitive lamination, die cutting and
slitting. Thermoforming is a process that involves heating a foam or foam/fabric
laminate until the material is pliable, using pressure to form the material into
a mold, and then cooling the material until it takes the form of the mold. AM
currently produces backpack components and display cases using its thermoforming
equipment. Vacuum forming is a process that involves heating a foam until the
material is pliable and then pulling the material into a cooled mold using a
vacuum to get intimate contact to the mold surface with the material which then
takes the form of the mold. AM currently produces automotive air conditioner
insulators and computer mouse pad components with its vacuum forming equipment.
Flame lamination is a process that involves the use of a flame to melt a thin
layer on the surface of the foam, and then applying fabric against the surface,
and as the foam surface cools it forms a "glue" layer to the fabric. AM
currently uses this process to fabricate leather substitute products such as
holsters, luggage and weight training belts. Pressure sensitive lamination is a
process that involves the use of heat and pressure to apply an adhesive laminate
to the substrate and a paper liner to the adhesive, which can be pulled off by
the user to attach the substrate to the desired surface. AM currently produces
caulking and sealing foam tape using this process. Die cutting is a process that
involves the use of a match tool die in a hydraulic press to cut material. AM
currently produces a variety of products such as electrosurgical pads, EKG pads,
diagnostic swabs and artificial fingernail adhesive tabs with its die cutting
equipment. Slitting is a process that uses saws or slitters with blades ranging
from saw tooth to razor edge, depending on the material to be processed, to
horizontally and/or vertically slice layers off blocks of raw material.


         AM is able to produce a variety of products for different markets by
using the same fabrication techniques with different


                                       3
<PAGE>

materials. For example, using its slitter, pressure sensitive laminator and die
cutter equipment in sequence, AM can produce a variety of products, such as
sound attenuation devices for computer printers, gaskets for hard disk drives,
water seals for automotive air conditioners, inking pads and nail files. Using
its slitter, flame laminating and thermoforming equipment in sequence, AM can
produce other products such as padding for helmets, mouse pads for computers,
sunglass frames, holsters and back support belts.

         In addition to fabricating polyurethane and polyethylene foam, AM
fabricates other materials used in combination with foam such as fabrics,
pressure sensitive adhesives and foils. AM also fabricates plastic films,
pressure sensitive adhesives and other materials not in combination with foam.
This capability enables AM to minimize its dependence on market sectors, which
may be cyclical in nature.

         AM manufactures its products for its industrial customers pursuant to
customer purchase orders, most of which provide for multiple shipping release
dates. This system enables AM to plan raw material purchases and production
scheduling. For it's largest accounts, AM will produce a two to four-week supply
of products and stock them for quick delivery.

QUALITY CONTROL

         AM is ISO 9002 certified at all of it's facilities and QS 9000
certified at it's Rancho Dominguez and Dallas facilities. It also maintains
systems and procedures that meet customer quality specifications and has
successfully completed qualification surveys conducted by Fortune 500 OEM
manufacturers. AM also maintains procedures for conducting quality compliance
surveys of its major suppliers. AM has specific procedures in place for
receiving inspection, source inspection, process inspection and control,
instrument calibration standards, records maintenance, training and internal
quality audits. AM has implemented systems for statistical process control,
which utilize statistical techniques to identify, monitor and improve critical
manufacturing processes such as sawing, die cutting and thermoforming.

SUPPLIERS

         AM purchases raw materials primarily consisting of polyurethane foam,
cross-linked polyolefin foams and pressure sensitive adhesives. The Company's
largest supplier of raw materials is Foamex Engineered Polyurethanes ("Foamex"),
which in fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998 supplied approximately 62%, 62% and 60%,
respectively, of AM's raw materials' requirement. Foamex provides all of the raw
materials for the Company's sales into Singapore. Voltek supplied approximately
11% of AM's raw material requirements in 1998.

         AM is an authorized fabricating distributor of a number of raw material
suppliers, including Foamex, Voltek, Avery Dennison (pressure sensitive
adhesives), Zotefoam (cross linked polyethylenes) and Rogers (cast urethanes).
Management believes that these supply arrangements, many of which have been
active for 25 years or more, provide AM with a diverse mix of raw materials at
the best available prices. AM purchases raw materials pursuant to purchase
orders placed from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Failure or
delay by such suppliers in supplying necessary raw materials to AM could
adversely affect AM's ability to manufacture and deliver products on a timely
and competitive basis. AM purchases its raw materials on standard credit terms
and considers its relationship with its suppliers to be good.

         Management believes that the loss of either Foamex or Voltek as a major
supplier of foam would not have a materially adverse effect on AM's business in
the long term because other suppliers of foam could be relied upon to meet AM's
requirements at a comparable cost. However, the loss of either Foamex or Voltek
would have a materially adverse effect on AM's business in the short term
(approximately three months). Management believes that the loss of any other
supplier would not have a material adverse effect on AM.

         AM's business is subject to the risk of price fluctuations and periodic
shortages of raw materials. AM purchases raw materials pursuant to purchase
orders placed from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Failure or
delay by such suppliers in supplying necessary raw materials to AM could
adversely affect AM's ability to manufacture and deliver products on a timely
and competitive basis.

MARKETING AND SALES

         AM's products are marketed and sold primarily to major divisions of
large industrial customers, many of which are industry leaders whose products
have significant market share. All of AM's products are components or finished
products manufactured to order for its industrial customers. The customer's
purchase decision often involves the engineering, manufacturing and purchasing
groups within the customer's management.

         AM's twelve full-time salesmen make sales in the United States on a
direct basis. Seven salesmen are in the field and five salesmen provide inside
sales support. The seven field salesmen receive a base salary plus a commission
and the five inside salesmen receive a salary. AM Ltd. has two full-time
salesmen who concentrate on the European market. AM's domestic sales as a
percentage of total sales were approximately 58%, 66% and 92% for fiscal years
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.


                                       4
<PAGE>

         AM currently does business in a number of foreign regions including
Asia, Europe, South America and the Middle East. Foreign sales, which accounted
for approximately 42%, 34% and 8% of fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998 sales,
respectively, are made on a direct basis and through sales agents who receive
commissions.

         Total revenue attributable to each geographic area into which the
Company has sales is included in Note 13 in Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included herein.

         AM relies primarily upon referrals by its customers and vendors and the
activities of its salesmen for new business. AM advertises in the Thomas
Register, a sourcing guide for industrial engineering and purchasing groups. AM
also participates in industrial design and engineering trade shows as a means of
marketing its products.

BACKLOG

         AM manufactures all of its products pursuant to customer purchase
orders. Backlog is comprised of firm orders for products, which have a scheduled
shipment date within the next 12 months. Certain orders in the backlog may be
cancelled under certain conditions without significant penalty. At November 30,
2000, 1999 and 1998, AM's backlog of orders was approximately $7,883,000,
$6,207,000 and $8,248,000, respectively.

CUSTOMERS

         AM generally sells its products pursuant to customer purchase orders.
There can be no assurance that any such customers will continue to purchase
products from AM in the future. These customers are in the computer printer,
medical disposables, automotive air conditioning and consumer cleaning supply
markets. Management believes that this diversity spreads the risk of dependence
upon one customer or one market sector. However, Hewlett Packard accounted for
53%, 41% and 39% of consolidated revenues for the year ended November 30, 2000,
1999 and 1998 respectively. While AM has acquired new customers as well as
orders for new products from existing customers, the loss of Hewlett Packard as
a customer or a decline in the economic prospects of Hewlett Packard could have
an adverse effect on AM's business

         AM's prices are competitive with other fabricators of custom materials.
AM sales are typically made on terms, which require payment of the net amount
due in 30 days.

         AM's domestic customers are located primarily in the West, Southwest
and Southeast regions of the United States. For bulky, low value products, high
freight costs on long distance shipments from AM's Rancho Dominguez and Dallas
facilities make it difficult for AM to be competitive in other regions of the
United States or internationally.

LICENSES AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

         The Company has secured a patent on a manufacturing process for
fabricating plastic foam sheet material with compound radius. AM relies on
proprietary know-how, exclusive license rights and distribution agreements, and
employs various methods to protect its processes. However, such methods may not
afford complete protection, and there can be no assurance that others will not
independently develop such processes.

COMPETITION

         The custom materials fabrication industry in which AM competes is
highly competitive. The number of competitors and the Company's competitive
position are not known or reasonably available. High barriers to entry and
fragmented competition characterize the industry. Barriers to entry are high
because most of the products must be produced by customized, proprietary
equipment which is designed and/or built in-house and cannot be produced with
standard equipment. Most of the Company's competitors are small, privately held
companies, which generally specialize in only one product or process. Three of
the Company's principal competitors are Boyd Industrial, which has four
locations in the Western United States, Packaging Alternatives Corp. and Foam
Molders. AM competes primarily on the basis of its ability to meet customers'
specifications promptly and cost effectively, and on the quality of its
products.

         Current competitors or new market entrants could introduce new or
enhanced products with features, which render AM's products obsolete or less
marketable, or could develop means of producing competitive products at a lower
cost. The ability of AM to compete successfully will depend in large measure on
its ability to adapt to technological changes in the industry. There can be no
assurance that AM will be able to keep pace with the technological demands of
the market place or successfully develop new products, which are in demand by
the industry.


                                       5
<PAGE>

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

         The manufacture of certain products by AM requires the purchase and use
of chemicals and other materials, which are or may be, classified as hazardous
substances. The Company and its subsidiaries do not maintain environmental
impairment insurance. There can be no assurance that the Company and its
subsidiaries will not incur environmental liability or that hazardous substances
are not or will not be present at their facilities.

         The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to regulations
administered by the United States Environmental Protection Agency, various state
agencies, county and local authorities acting in conjunction with federal and
state agencies and EU and Irish agencies. Among other things, these regulatory
bodies impose restrictions to control air, soil and water pollution. The
extensive regulatory framework imposes significant complications, burdens and
risks on the Company. Governmental authorities have the power to enforce
compliance with these regulations and to obtain injunctions and/or impose civil
and criminal fines or sanctions in the case of violations.

         The Federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"), imposes strict, joint and several
liability on the present and former owners and operators of facilities which
release hazardous substances into the environment. The Federal Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended ("RCRA"), regulates the
generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous waste.
In California, the handling and disposal of hazardous substances is governed by
the law, which contains the California counterparts of CERCLA and RCRA. The
Company and its subsidiaries believe that their manufacturing activities are in
substantial compliance with all material Federal, state, EU, and Irish laws and
regulations governing their respective operations. Amendments to existing
statutes and regulations could require the Company or its subsidiaries to modify
or alter methods of operations at costs, which could be substantial. There can
be no assurance that the Company or its subsidiaries will be able, for financial
or other reasons, to comply with applicable laws and regulations.

         Various laws and regulations relating to safe working conditions,
including the Occupational Safety and Health Act ("OSHA"), are also applicable
to the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company believes it and its
subsidiaries are in substantial compliance with all material Federal, state,
local, EU and Irish laws and regulations regarding safe working conditions.

EMPLOYEES

         As of November 30, 2000, the Company and its subsidiaries had 137
full-time employees, of whom 63 were located at AM's Rancho Dominguez,
California facility, 31 were located at AM's Dallas, Texas facility, 2 were
located at AM's Portland, OR warehouse, 1 was located at AM's Denver, Colorado
office, and 40 were located at the Company's Ireland subsidiary. Of the
Company's full-time employees, 94 are employed in manufacturing, 14 are in
sales, 23 perform general and administrative functions and 6 perform other
functions. The Company also utilizes the services of contract workers as needed
from time to time in its manufacturing operations. As of November 30, 2000, the
number of contract workers being utilized by the Company was approximately 117.

         None of the employees of the Company or its subsidiaries are presently
represented by a labor union and the Company's management considers the
relationship of the Company and its subsidiaries with its employees to be good.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.

         The Company leases approximately 56,000 square feet of manufacturing
and office space in Rancho Dominguez, California, approximately 82,600 square
feet of manufacturing and office space in Dallas, Texas, approximately 14,600
square feet of warehouse space in Portland, Oregon and approximately 3,700
square feet in Denver, Colorado. The Company pays rent of approximately $22,400
per month under its Rancho Dominguez lease, approximately $27,500 per month
under its Dallas lease, approximately $7,700 under its Portland leases and
approximately $1,600 under its Denver lease. The Rancho Dominguez lease expires
May 2002, the Dallas lease expires in November 2005, the Portland leases expires
July 2001 and the Denver lease expires in July 2001.

         The Company's Ireland subsidiary, AM Ltd., leases approximately 37,500
square feet of manufacturing and office space in Dublin, Ireland. AM Ltd. pays
rent of approximately 9,750 Irish Pounds per month (equivalent to approximately
$12,790 per month at November 30, 2000) and the lease expires in February 2003.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

         In October 1996, the Company was notified that it had been named in a
bodily injury lawsuit pending in the 192nd Judicial District Court of Dallas
County Texas, involving silicon breast implants. Such suit alleges that AM
supplied certain foam "wipers" which were incorporated into certain implants by
manufacturers also named in the suit, which have allegedly caused adverse
effects to the plaintiffs. The suit asks for unspecified damages. The Company
believes it has no exposure in this case as: (1) AM was not incorporated at the
time of such implants; (2) AM has had no involvement with silicone or other
breast implants; (3) AM has never marketed such "wipers"; and, (4) there are two
indemnification agreements that provide protection to the Company. The Company
believes the aforementioned provide


                                       6
<PAGE>

several layers of protection in the event this case progresses. Accordingly, no
provision for any liability has been made in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. An adverse ruling could, however, have a marked adverse
effect on the Company's financial condition.

         AM currently maintains product liability insurance in the amount of
$1,000,000, with excess umbrella coverage in the amount of $10,000,000. Except
for the breast implant suit, no product liability claims have been made to date.
However, there can be no assurance that any such claims will not be made in the
future in excess of such limits or that any such claims, if successful and in
excess of such limits, will not have a material adverse effect on AM's assets
and its ability to conduct its business.

         The Company's Condor subsidiary was named in a lawsuit originally filed
in the Superior Court of California, San Joaquin County, on January 24, 1992 by
Vern Auten and Shirley Auten, doing business as Aglo Plastics Company.
Plaintiffs alleged that Condor breached a supply contract by obtaining various
molds from a competing supplier, and sought damages therefor. Plaintiffs also
sought damages based upon an alleged intentional infliction of emotional
distress upon plaintiffs by a Condor employee and by its then owner. Condor
filed a cross-complaint alleging that plaintiffs breached the contract.
Plaintiffs received a non-binding arbitration award of approximately $267,000
plus interest. Condor had requested a trial de novo. Condor subsequently
received notice from an attorney representing the plaintiffs of an alleged
infringement by Condor of a patent held by the plaintiffs.

         On October 5, 1998, a jury entered a partial verdict finding that
Condor had breached the supply contract. A judgment in the amount of $382,500
was entered in favor of the plaintiffs. In response to a motion by the
plaintiffs the court, on December 22, 1998 awarded attorneys' fees in the amount
of $266,000. Condor recorded a provision in the amount of $975,000, which also
included estimated interest on the award.

         The jury was unable to reach a verdict on the alleged intentional
infliction of emotional distress upon plaintiffs by a Condor employee and by its
then owner. This matter has been remanded back to the Superior Court of
California, San Joaquin County. The jury further found that the plaintiffs had
not breached the supply contract. The jury also found that Condor did not
infringe on the patent held by the plaintiffs.

         On July 19, 1999 the Company filed a complaint for declaratory relief
against Vern Auten and Shirley Auten, individually and doing business as Aglo
Plastics Co, in United States District Court, Southern District of California.
The relief sought by the Company is a declaration by the Court that Advanced
Materials Group, Inc., the parent company of Condor Utility Products, Inc., has
no obligation to pay the Condor Judgment.

         In October 1999, the Company was notified that it and its Condor
subsidiary had been named in a lawsuit in the United States District Court,
Central District of California. Such suit alleges that the Company and its
Condor subsidiary and several other parties also named in the suit maliciously
prosecuted Vern and Shirley Auten. The suit seeks unspecified damages. The
ultimate outcome of this litigation cannot presently be determined.

         The sellers of Condor had agreed to indemnify the Company and Condor
with respect to any potential liability from the alleged breach of contract.
Condor has determined that it will be unable to collect against the
indemnification agreement. Since the assets of Condor are not sufficient to pay
the full amount of the award, Condor attempted to reach a settlement with the
plaintiffs but was unable to do so. The plaintiffs then asserted a claim against
the Company under principles of alter ego and related theories of liability.

         On January 7, 1998 the Company filed suit in the Superior Court of
California, County of Los Angeles, against a former employee of Condor for
breach of promissory note and money lent. On March 9, 1998 the former employee
of Condor filed a cross-complaint in the Superior Court of California, County of
Los Angeles, for damages and declaratory relief. The cross-complaint alleges
that the Company breached an Employment Agreement with the former employee and
claims damages. On October 20, 1998 the parties reached an agreement of
settlement and general release.

              On September 14, 2000 the United States District Court for the
Central District of California entered a final judgment in favor of the Company
on the complaint filed by the Company for a judicial declaration that it has no
liability for any debts or obligations of Condor Utilities Products, Inc.
(Condor), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company which has now ceased
operations. This includes a certain judgment against Condor in 1998 in favor of
the former suppliers of Condor, Vern and Shirley Auten, arising out of
litigation, which preceded the purchase of Condor by the Company in 1993.
Evidence presented to the Court indicated that Condor has no other unpaid trade
obligations or debts.

         In February 2001, the claim against the Company under the principles of
alter ego and related theories of liability was dismissed by the Court of
Appeals. As of fiscal year end 2000, the Company reversed the $975,000 provision
for liability relating to the litigation.


                                       7
<PAGE>

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

         The Company did not submit any matter to a vote of security holders
during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report.

                                     PART II



ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

         The Company's common stock traded on the NASDAQ Small-Cap Stock Market
("NASDAQ") under the symbol "ADMG" from June 23, 1993 until December 13, 2000.
Effective as of December 14, 2000, the Company's common stock was delisted from
NASDAQ and has traded on the NASD-regulated OTC-Bulletin Board ("Bulletin
Board") under the symbol "ADMG.OB." The high and low closing prices for the
common stock for the past two fiscal years as reported by NASDAQ and the
Bulletin Board are set forth in the following table. Such quotations reflect
inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission, and may not
represent actual transactions.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Fiscal 2000                                   High       Low     Fiscal 1999                                   High       Low
-----------                                   ----       ---     -----------                                   ----       ---

<S>                                           <C>        <C>     <C>                                         <C>         <C>
Fourth Quarter.............................   $1 1/8     $ 5/8   Fourth Quarter............................  $1 5/32     $ 11/16
Third Quarter..............................   $1         $ 5/8   Third Quarter.............................  $1 13/32    $1
Second Quarter.............................   $1 5/8     $ 25/32 Second Quarter............................  $1 7/32     $ 27/32
First Quarter..............................   $1 23/32   $  3/4  First Quarter.............................  $1 17/32    $1
</TABLE>



         There were approximately 1,200 shareholders of record as of February 5,
2001.

         The present policy of the Company is to retain earnings to provide
funds for the operation and expansion of its business. The Company has paid no
cash dividends during the past two fiscal years and management does not
anticipate that it will do so in the foreseeable future.


                                       8
<PAGE>

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Years Ended November 30,                               2000             1999            1998             1997            1996
                                                    ------------    -------------    ------------     ------------    ------------

<S>                                               <C>             <C>              <C>              <C>             <C>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenues:
  Net sales                                       $  40,329,000   $   34,798,000   $  28,916,000    $  28,898,000   $  17,133,000
Cost and expenses:
  Cost of sales                                      34,152,000       30,257,000      22,513,000       21,460,000      14,044,000
  Selling, general and administrative                 4,463,000        4,528,000       4,027,000        3,554,000       2,526,000
  Write-off of start-up costs                                 -                -         608,000                -               -
  Write-off of capitalized license                            -                -         158,000                -               -
  Write-down of goodwill                                      -                -         909,000                -               -
  Interest expense                                      523,000          504,000         298,000          211,000         561,000
  Depreciation and amortization                         286,000          220,000         322,000          369,000         369,000
  Other, net                                            126,000          163,000         247,000          124,000          11,000
                                                    ------------    -------------    ------------     ------------    ------------
   Total costs and expenses                          39,550,000       35,672,000      29,052,000       25,718,000      17,511,000
                                                    ------------    -------------    ------------     ------------    ------------
Other income:
  Realized gain on sale of securities                         -                -               -          139,000       4,310,000
  Gain on forgiveness of debt                                 -                -               -                -         508,000
                                                    ------------    -------------    ------------     ------------    ------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations                779,000         (874,000)       (166,000)       2,873,000       4,252,000
  before income taxes
Income tax expense                                      273,000                -         538,000          180,000         162,000
                                                    ------------    -------------    ------------     ------------    ------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations                506,000         (874,000)       (704,000)       2,693,000       4,090,000
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations          667,000                -      (1,627,000)         223,000          94,000
                                                    ------------    -------------    ------------     ------------    ------------

Net income (loss)                                 $   1,173,000   $     (874,000)  $  (2,331,000)   $   2,916,000   $   4,184,000
                                                    ============    =============    ============     ============    ============

Net income (loss) per share from continuing
  operations:
  Basic                                           $        0.06   $        (0.10)  $       (0.08)   $        0.32   $        0.39
                                                    ============    =============    ============     ============    ============
  Diluted                                         $        0.06   $        (0.10)  $       (0.08)   $        0.29   $        0.39
                                                    ============    =============    ============     ============    ============

Net income (loss) per share:
  Basic                                           $        0.14   $        (0.10)  $       (0.27)   $        0.30   $        0.40
                                                    ============    =============    ============     ============    ============
  Diluted                                         $        0.13   $        (0.10)  $       (0.27)   $        0.27   $        0.39
                                                    ============    =============    ============     ============    ============

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Working capital                                   $   3,169,000   $    1,356,000   $   2,055,000    $   3,505,000   $   4,266,000
Total assets                                      $  18,365,000   $   16,092,000   $  12,682,000    $  12,601,000   $  13,661,000
Total liabilities                                 $  14,074,000   $   13,105,000   $   8,565,000    $   6,265,000   $   7,091,000
Stockholders' equity                              $   4,291,000   $    2,987,000   $   4,117,000    $   6,336,000   $   6,570,000
</TABLE>


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR FISCAL 2000 COMPARED WITH 1999 AND 1999 COMPARED WITH
1998

              THE COMPANY'S REVENUE from continuing operations, for the fiscal
year ended November 30, 2000 was $40.3 million, an increase of 15.9% compared to
fiscal 1999. Revenues from the Singapore strategic manufacturing venture grew to
$10,046,000 in fiscal 2000 from $8,409,000 in 1999. Revenues in Ireland grew to
$6,979,000 in fiscal 2000 from $3,313,000 in 1999. Revenues from U.S. operations
increased to $23,304,000 in fiscal 2000 from $23,076,000 in 1999. Revenue from
continuing operations, for the fiscal year ended November 30, 1999 was $34.8
million, an increase of 20.3% compared to fiscal 1998. Revenues from the
Singapore strategic manufacturing venture grew to $8,409,000 in fiscal 1999 from
$2,035,000 in 1998. Revenues in Ireland grew to $3,313,000 in fiscal 1999 from
$423,000 in 1998. Revenues from U.S. operations declined to $23,076,000 in
fiscal 1999 from $26,458,000 in 1998. The shift in revenues from U.S.-based
plants to overseas operations is due to local sourcing requirements of a major
customer. This shift first began in mid-1998. The Company's growth in revenues
is primarily due to increased demand from Hewlett Packard as well as the
addition of new customers.


                                       9
<PAGE>

         COST OF SALES in fiscal 2000 increased to $34,152,000 from $30,257,000
in 1999. Cost of sales in 1998 was $22,513,000. Cost of sales as a percentage of
net sales was 84.7% in 2000 compared to 87.0% and 77.9% in 1999 and 1998,
respectively. The Company's gross profit percentage was 15.3% in 2000, compared
to 13.0% in 1999 and 22.1% in 1998. The Company has experienced significant
pricing pressures during the past two years. In 1998, the Company added
manufacturing capacity with expansions in Ireland and a strategic manufacturing
relationship with a Company in Singapore. The improved margin in 2000 was due
primarily to the shift in revenues to the overseas operations as noted above.
Lower volumes at the Company's domestic locations has led to lower capacity
utilization and negatively impacted labor and overhead absorption for the
domestic operations. The Company has responded to declining U.S. volumes by
relocating manufacturing capacity from plants in Portland, Oregon and Denver,
Colorado to it's other U.S. facilities. The Company's expansion in Ireland added
fixed cost to the cost of sales for 1999 and 2000. Profit sharing in the
Singapore strategic manufacturing venture also added significantly to cost of
sales for 1999 and 2000.

         SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE decreased to $4,463,000 in
2000 versus $4,528,000 and $4,027,000 in 1999 and 1998, respectively. Costs were
relatively unchanged when comparing 2000 to 1999. SG&A costs increased in 1999
from 1998, due primarily to the expansion of the U.S. sales force and primarily
as a result of the expansion at the Company's subsidiary in Ireland.

         INTEREST EXPENSE in fiscal 2000 was $523,000 compared to $504,000 and
$298,000 in 1999 and 1998, respectively. The increase in 2000 was due to higher
borrowing levels and higher interest rates. In 1999 interest expense increased
by $206,000 due to increased borrowings in order to support the Company's
expansion in Ireland and Singapore and higher interest rates.

         INCOME TAXES were $273,000 in 2000 compared to $0 and $538,000 in 1999
and 1998, respectively. The provision for income taxes in 2000 is the tax
payable for the period less the change during the period in deferred tax assets.
Income taxes were $0 in 1999 due to a tax benefit from losses and a decrease in
the valuation allowance relative to deferred tax assets. The Company recorded a
tax provision of $538,000 in fiscal 1998 due to foreign losses without tax
benefit and an increase in the valuation allowance relative to deferred tax
assets.

         NET INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS for fiscal 2000 was $506,000
compared to a net loss from continuing operations in 1999 and 1998 of $874,000
and $704,000, respectively. Fiscal 1998 results included several non-recurring
items including start-up costs incurred of approximately $608,000 related to the
Company's Ireland facility, a write-off of $158,000 for license rights relative
to technology which has been discontinued and an impairment charge of $909,000
on goodwill associated with the discontinuance of product sales relative to the
purchase of certain assets of Wilshire Technologies Inc.'s OEM Medical Products
Division in 1993. Exclusive of these items, fiscal 1998 net income from
continuing operations would have been $971,000.

         The Company has not received any notice of investigation, claim or
proceeding relating environmental liability nor is the Company aware of any
environmental litigation, investigation or unasserted claim involving the
Company or its subsidiaries.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         The Company's operating activities provided $1,525,000 in fiscal 2000
compared to a cash use of $1,245,000 in fiscal 1999. In 1998 operating
activities generated $749,000.

         Accounts receivable and inventories increased $515,000 and $1.1
million, respectively, in 2000, primarily as a result of increased sales and
foreign operations. These increases were partially offset by an increase in
accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $1.3 million. Accounts receivable
increased $2.1 million in 1999 as a result of shipments to Singapore, which is
offset by increases to accounts payable and accrued liabilities and deferred
income. Inventory, primarily in raw materials, increased $1.4 million in 1999 as
a direct result of the increase in sales volume. Accounts receivable increased
$1.5 million in 1998, which was also attributable to revenue growth. During the
three-year period the Company experienced an increase in its concentration of
credit risk as one customer, Hewlett Packard, accounted for 53%, 41% and 39% of
revenue during fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. The same customer
accounted for 43%, 29% and 34% of accounts receivable at the end of 2000, 1999
and 1998, respectively.

         The Company invested $1.1 million, $1.0 million and $1.3 million in
capital equipment to start-up operations in Ireland, to support domestic
product-line expansion and upgrade computer systems throughout the company, in
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. The Company currently has outstanding capital
equipment commitments totaling $551,000.

         The Company had $1,101,000 of cash and cash equivalents at November 30,
2000. The Company's operating credit line with its primary lenders has current
availability, as of February 5, 2001, of $5,000,000 with approximately
$4,000,000 currently outstanding. The Company has an outstanding term loan of
$422,000 as of November 30, 2000. The term loan bears interest at prime plus
1.25% (9.75% at November 30, 2000). AML has a commitment from an Irish lender to
provide up to $800,000 for capital equipment expenditures. AML currently has
$470,000 outstanding against this line. AML also has a commitment from an Irish
bank to provide a $200,000 overdraft facility. Currently, there is no
outstanding balance against this line. The Company anticipates that existing
cash, cash from operations and existing lines of credit will


                                       10
<PAGE>

supply sufficient cash for investment, working capital requirements, capital
expenditures and debt payments for the next twelve months. The Company is in
compliance with its line of credit covenants as of November 30, 2000.

BUSINESS OUTLOOK

         The outlook section contains a number of forward-looking statements,
all of which are based on current expectations. Actual results may differ
materially.

         The Company currently has sufficient orders from OEMs to believe that
sales growth will continue in fiscal 2001. Ireland is expected to show
substantial growth in 2001, with more modest growth projected from the Singapore
strategic manufacturing venture and U.S. operations.

         Gross profit and operating profit margins are expected to improve
somewhat in 2001, primarily due to the Company's consolidation of some of it's
manufacturing operations in the U.S. and growth in Ireland.

         Interest expense is expected to increase in fiscal 2001 due to higher
borrowing levels.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

         In June 1998, the FASB issued SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivatives
and Hedging Activities", which establishes accounting and reporting standards
for derivative instruments, including certain derivative instruments embedded in
other contracts (collectively referred to as derivatives) and for hedging
activities. In May 1999, the FASB voted to delay the effective date of SFAS 133
by one year, meaning the Company will be required to adopt this standard in
fiscal 2001. The Company has not used any derivative instruments to date.
Management does not anticipate that the adoption of this new standard will have
significant effect on the financial position or results of operations of the
Company.

        In December, 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements ("SAB
101"). SAB 101 summarizes certain areas of the Staff's views in applying
generally accepted accounting principles to revenue recognition in financial
statements. The Company believes that its current revenue recognition policies
comply with SAB 101.

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995

         The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides for a
"safe harbor" for forward looking statements to encourage companies to provide
prospective information about their companies without fear of litigation so long
as those statements are identified as forward looking and are accompanied by
meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those projected in the statement. The
Act only became law in late December 1995 and, except for the Conference Report,
no official interpretations of the Act's provisions have been published.
Accordingly, the Company hereby identifies the following important factors which
could cause the Company's actual financial results to differ materially from any
such results which might be projected, forecast, estimated or budgeted by the
Company in forward looking statements.

         a)       General business conditions, including a worsening economy,
                  which might slow the overall demand for the Company's
                  products; increased inflationary pressures, which might lead
                  to increasing prices for raw materials, labor, and increases
                  of interest costs based on the Company's borrowing activities.

         b)       Competitive factors, including the entry of new competitors
                  into the marketplace and/or heightened competition from
                  existing competitors leading to increased price competition
                  and margin erosion; and the introduction of new products or
                  technologies by customers or competitors.

         c)       Under utilization of the Company's factories and plants, or of
                  any new plants.

         d)       Concentrations of sales in markets and customers.

         e)       Failures to obtain new customers, retain existing customers or
                  volume reductions by current customers.

         f)       Concentrations of raw material suppliers, including
                  difficulties or delays in obtaining raw materials.

         g)       Inability to execute marketing and sales plans, including
                  price increases.

         h)       Inability to develop cost effective means for timely
                  production of new product orders in required quantities.


                                       11
<PAGE>

         i)       Delays or cancellations of orders; timing of significant
                  orders; and introduction of new products.

         j)       Delays in development of production equipment required for new
                  products.

         k)       Short-term fluctuations in margins due to yields and
                  efficiencies.

         l)       The effects of changes in foreign currencies.

         m)       Loss of executive management or other key employees.

         n)       Changes in financing amount, availability or cost.

         o)       The effects of changes in costs and availability of insurance
                  coverage.

         p)       The effects of changes in compensation or benefit plans.

         q)       Adoptions of new, or changes in, accounting policies and
                  practices and the application of such policies and practices.

         r)       Adverse results in significant litigation matters.

         The foregoing review of factors pursuant to the Private Litigation
Securities Reform Act of 1995 should not be construed as exhaustive or as any
admission regarding the adequacy of disclosures made by the Company prior to the
effective date of said Act.


ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

              A portion of the Company's operations consists of manufacturing
and sales activities in foreign jurisdictions. The Company manufactures its
product in the United States, Ireland and Singapore and sells the products in
those markets as well. As a result, the Company's financial results could be
affected by factors such as changes in foreign currency exchange rates or weak
economic conditions in the foreign markets in which the Company distributes its
products. The Company's functional currency has been determined to be United
States dollars since the parent company funds all the capital and start-up
costs, ongoing capital expenditures as well as the operating losses of the
foreign subsidiaries. In addition, the majority of the sales are also
denominated in United States dollars. The Company maintained the books of its
Singapore operations in United States dollars and maintained the books of its
Ireland operations in Irish pounds. Accordingly, the financial statements of the
Irish subsidiary are remeasured to United States dollars and the translation
gains or losses are reflected in the Company's statement of operations. The
Company believes its exposure to translation gains and losses with respect to
its foreign operations is minimal due to the stability of the foreign markets in
which the Company operates.

               The Company's interest expense is most sensitive to changes in
interest rates relating primarily to the Company's current and future debt
obligations. The Company is vulnerable, however, to significant fluctuations of
interest rates on its floating rate debt.


                                       12
<PAGE>

  The following table provides information about the Company's debt obligations
that are sensitive to changes in interest rates (dollars in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                              Fair
                                                                                                              Value
                                2001       2002     2003         2004      2005     Thereafter     Total     11/30/00
LIABILITIES
<S>                             <C>       <C>       <C>         <C>        <C>      <C>            <C>       <C>
Line of credit.............    $ 3,585                                                             $ 3,585     $ 3,585
Avg. interest rate.........    P+1.25

Term loans.................               $ 470     $422                                           $  892      $  892
Avg. interest rate.........               LIBOR      P+1.25
                                           +2.5

Conv. Debentures...........                                     $ 405                              $  405      $  405
Avg. interest rate.........                                       7.5%
</TABLE>


ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA

(a)      Financial Statements

         The Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants, the Report of
Independent Auditors and the Consolidated Financial Statements listed in the
"Index to Financial Statements" are filed as part of this report.

(b)  Financial Statement Schedules

SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Deductions
                                                                                     Uncollectible
                                                                                       Accounts
                                                  Balance at        Additions          Written                        Balance at
                                                 Beginning of       Charges to       Off, Net of       Inventory        End of
                                                    Period           Expenses         Recoveries      Written Off       Period
                                                 --------------    -------------     -------------    ------------    ------------

<S>                                            <C>               <C>               <C>             <C>              <C>
      Year Ended November 30, 1998
         Allowance for doubtful accounts       $       100,000   $       (2,000)   $       (2,000) $           -    $     100,000
         Allowance for obsolete inventory              166,000         (113,000)                -        (24,000)          77,000
                                                 --------------    -------------     -------------    ------------    ------------

      Total                                    $       266,000   $     (115,000)   $       (2,000) $     (24,000)   $     177,000
                                                 ==============    =============     =============    ============    ============

      Year Ended November 30, 1999
         Allowance for doubtful accounts       $       100,000   $            -    $            -  $           -    $     100,000
         Allowance for obsolete inventory               77,000           89,000                 -              -          166,000
                                                 --------------    -------------     -------------    ------------    ------------

      Total                                    $       177,000   $       89,000    $            -  $           -    $     266,000
                                                 ==============    =============     =============    ============    ============

      Year Ended November 30, 2000
         Allowance for doubtful accounts       $       100,000   $            -    $            -  $           -    $     100,000
         Allowance for obsolete inventory              166,000          (10,000)                -              -          156,000
                                                 --------------    -------------     -------------    ------------    ------------

      Total                                    $       266,000   $      (10,000)   $            -  $           -    $     256,000
                                                 ==============    =============     =============    ============    ============
</TABLE>


                                       13

<PAGE>

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS




Board of Directors
Advanced Materials Group, Inc.

The audit referred to in our report dated January 26, 2001, except as to Note
14, which is as of February 15, 2001, relating to the 2000 consolidated
financial statements of Advanced Materials, Group, Inc., which is contained
in Item 8 of this Form 10-K, included the audit of the consolidated financial
statement schedule. This consolidated financial statement schedule is the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on this consolidated financial statement schedule based upon our
audit.

In our opinion, the 2000 consolidated financial statement schedule presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.



                                                         /s/ BDO Seidman, LLP
                                                         -----------------------
                                                         BDO SEIDMAN, LLP

Costa Mesa, California
January 26, 2001



                                       14

<PAGE>

Report of Independent Auditors




Board of Directors
Advanced Materials Group, Inc.

The audit referred to in our report dated January 21, 2000, relating to the
1999 and 1998 consolidated financial statements of Advanced Materials, Group,
Inc., which is contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K, included the audit of
the consolidated financial statement schedule.  The consolidated financial
statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on this consolidated financial
statement schedule based upon our audit.

In our opinion, the 1999 and 1998 consolidated financial statement schedule
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.



                                        /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Orange County California
January 21, 2000


                                       15
<PAGE>

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

         On September 19, 2000, the Company dismissed Ernst & Young, LLP
("E&Y"), the independent accounting firm which audited the financial statements
of the Company for the fiscal years ended November 30, 1999 and November 30,
1998. None of E&Y's reports on the financial statements of the Company has
contained an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, or was qualified or
modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles.

         This dismissal was approved by the audit committee of the board of
directors and the board of directors of the Company. The Company's audit
committee and the board of directors formally engaged the accounting firm of BDO
Seidman, LLP ("BDO Seidman") as E&Y's replacement for purposes of auditing the
Company's financial statements. BDO Seidman was not consulted on any manner
described in Regulation S-K Item 304(a)(2) during the Company's two most recent
financial years and subsequent interim periods preceding BDO Seidman's
engagement.

         During the preceding two years and any subsequent interim period
preceding the dismissal of E&Y, the Company had no disagreements with E&Y on any
matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or
auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the
satisfaction of E&Y, would have caused it to make reference to the subject
matter of the disagreements in connection with its report.

         None of the kinds of events listed in paragraphs (a)(1)(v)(A)-(D) of
Regulation S-K Item 304 occurred during the two most recent fiscal years and any
subsequent interim periods preceding E&Y's dismissal.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS;
COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16() OF THE EXCHANGE ACT.

         The information required by Items 401 and 405 of Regulation S-K is set
forth in the Company's 2001 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement which will be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after
November 30, 2000. The Company's 2001 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement, exclusive
of the information set forth under the captions "Report of the Compensation
Committee", "Report of the Audit Committee" and "Stock Performance Graph," is
incorporated herein by this reference.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

         The information required by Item 402 of Regulation S-K is set forth in
the Company's 2001 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement which will be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after November 30,
2000. The Company's 2001 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement, exclusive of the
information set forth under the captions "Report of the Compensation Committee",
"Report of the Audit Committee" and "Stock Performance Graph," is incorporated
herein by this reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.

         The information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K is set forth in
the Company's 2001 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement which will be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after November 30,
2000. The Company's 2001 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement, exclusive of the
information set forth under the captions "Report of the Compensation Committee",
"Report of the Audit Committee" and "Stock Performance Graph," is incorporated
herein by this reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

         The information required by Item 404 of Regulation S-K is set forth in
the Company's 2001 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement which will be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after November 30,
2000. The Company's 2001 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement, exclusive of the
information set forth under the captions "Report of the Compensation Committee",
"Report of the Audit Committee" and "Stock Performance Graph," is incorporated
herein by this reference.


                                       16
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ITEM 14. EXHIBIT AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

<S>      <C>                                                               <C>
(a)(1)   Financial Statements, included in Part II of this report:         Page
                                                                           ----

         Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants                F-2

         Report of Independent Auditors                                    F-3

         Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years
           ended November 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998                          F-4

         Consolidated Balance Sheets for the years ended
           November 30, 2000 and 1999                                      F-5

         Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years
           ended November 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998                          F-6

         Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
           November 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998                                F-7

         Notes to Financial Statements                                     F-9

(a)(2)   Financial Statement Schedules:

         Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts                   13

(a)(3)   Index to Exhibits:

         See Index to Exhibits included herein.

(b)      Reports on Form 8-K

         Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2000, reporting the change in the
Company's certifying accountant from Ernst & Young, LLP to BDO Seidman.

(c)      Index to Exhibits.  See Index to Exhibits included herein.
</TABLE>


                                       17
<PAGE>

                         ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
                          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                         Page
                                                                                                         ----

<S>                                                                                                       <C>
Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants                                                        F-2

Report of Independent Auditors                                                                            F-3

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended November 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998                F-4

Consolidated Balance Sheets for the years ended November 30, 2000 and 1999                                F-5

Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended
  November 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998                                                                        F-6

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended November 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998                             F-7

Notes to Financial Statements                                                                             F-9
</TABLE>


                                       F-1
<PAGE>

               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


Board of Directors
Advanced Materials Group, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Advanced
Materials Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of November 30,
2000, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders'
equity, and cash flows for the year then ended. These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
Advanced Materials Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as of November 30, 2000,
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States.




                                                /s/ BDO Seidman, LLP
                                                --------------------------
                                                BDO SEIDMAN, LLP

Costa Mesa, California
January 26, 2001, except as
     to Note 14, which is as
     of February 15, 2001







                                      F-2
<PAGE>

                         REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

The Board of Directors
Advanced Materials Group, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Advanced
Materials Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of November 30,
1999, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders'
equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended November
30, 1999. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Advanced Materials
Group, Inc. at November 30, 1999, and the consolidated results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
November 30, 1999, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States.



Orange County, California                       /s/ Ernst & Young LLP
January 21, 2000


                                      F-3
<PAGE>

                         ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Years Ended November 30,                                                       2000                1999               1998
                                                                          ---------------     ---------------     --------------

<S>                                                                     <C>                 <C>                 <C>
Net sales                                                               $     40,329,000    $     34,798,000    $    28,916,000
Cost of sales (including depreciation of $592,000, $741,000 and
   $618,000 for the years ended November 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
   respectively)                                                              34,152,000          30,257,000         22,513,000
                                                                          ---------------     ---------------     --------------

Gross profit                                                                   6,177,000           4,541,000          6,403,000
                                                                          ---------------     ---------------     --------------

Operating expenses:
   Selling, general and administrative                                         4,463,000           4,528,000          4,027,000
   Write-off of start-up costs                                                         -                   -            608,000
   Write-off of capitalized license                                                    -                   -            158,000
   Write-down of goodwill                                                              -                   -            909,000
   Depreciation and amortization                                                 286,000             220,000            322,000
                                                                          ---------------     ---------------     --------------

Total operating expenses                                                       4,749,000           4,748,000          6,024,000
                                                                          ---------------     ---------------     --------------

Income (loss) from operations                                                  1,428,000            (207,000)           379,000

Other expense:
   Interest expense                                                             (523,000)           (504,000)          (298,000)
   Foreign exchange loss                                                         (67,000)             (5,000)           (44,000)
   Other, net                                                                    (59,000)           (158,000)          (203,000)
                                                                          ---------------     ---------------     --------------

Total other expense                                                             (649,000)           (667,000)          (545,000)

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes                     779,000            (874,000)          (166,000)
Income tax expense                                                               273,000                   -            538,000
                                                                          ---------------     ---------------     --------------

Income (loss) from continuing operations                                         506,000            (874,000)          (704,000)
                                                                          ---------------     ---------------     --------------

Discontinued operations:
   (Income) loss from operations of Condor Utility Products, Inc.
     (net of income tax (benefit) of $0, $0 and $(390,000) for the
     years ended November 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively)                       -                   -         (1,405,000)
   Estimated loss on disposal of Condor Utility Products, Inc. (net
     of income tax benefit of $148,000 in 1998)                                  667,000                   -           (222,000)
                                                                          ---------------     ---------------     --------------

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations                                   667,000                   -         (1,627,000)
                                                                          ---------------     ---------------     --------------

Net income (loss)                                                       $      1,173,000    $       (874,000)   $    (2,331,000)
                                                                          ===============     ===============     ==============

Basic earnings (loss) per common share:
   Income (loss) from continuing operations                             $           0.06    $          (0.10)   $         (0.08)
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations                                          -                   -              (0.16)
   Estimated loss on disposal of Condor Utility Products, Inc                       0.08                   -              (0.03)
                                                                          ---------------     ---------------     --------------

Net income (loss) per share                                             $           0.14    $          (0.10)   $         (0.27)
                                                                          ===============     ===============     ==============

Diluted earnings per common share:
   Income (loss) from continuing operations                             $           0.06    $          (0.10)   $         (0.08)
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations                                          -                   -              (0.16)
   Estimated loss on disposal of Condor Utility Products, Inc                       0.07                   -              (0.03)
                                                                          ---------------     ---------------     --------------

Net income (loss) per share                                             $           0.13    $          (0.10)   $         (0.27)
                                                                          ===============     ===============     ==============

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding                               8,599,723           8,581,630          8,717,609
                                                                          ===============     ===============     ==============

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding                             8,784,412           8,581,630          8,717,609
                                                                          ===============     ===============     ==============
                            See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
</TABLE>


                                      F-4
<PAGE>

                         ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
November 30,                                                                                      2000                1999
                                                                                             ----------------    ----------------

                                         ASSETS

<S>                                                                                        <C>                 <C>
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                               $       1,101,000   $         496,000
   Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $100,000 as of
     November 30, 2000 and 1999                                                                    7,753,000           7,238,000
   Inventories, net of allowance for obsolescence of $156,000 and $166,000 as of
     November 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively                                                      4,962,000           3,857,000
   Income taxes receivable                                                                            32,000             261,000
   Deferred income taxes                                                                             337,000             337,000
   Prepaid expenses and other                                                                        364,000             172,000
                                                                                             ----------------    ----------------

Total current assets                                                                              14,549,000          12,361,000
                                                                                             ----------------    ----------------

Property and equipment, net                                                                        3,007,000           2,507,000
Goodwill, net of accumulated amortization of $504,000 and $441,000 as of November 30,
   2000 and 1999, respectively                                                                       451,000             514,000
Deferred income taxes                                                                                206,000             473,000
Other assets                                                                                         152,000             237,000
                                                                                             ----------------    ----------------

Total assets                                                                               $      18,365,000   $      16,092,000
                                                                                             ================    ================

                          LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable                                                                        $       5,952,000   $       4,448,000
   Accrued liabilities                                                                             1,210,000           2,115,000
   Deferred income                                                                                   273,000             337,000
   Line of credit                                                                                  3,585,000           3,823,000
   Current portion of long-term obligations                                                          360,000             282,000
                                                                                             ----------------    ----------------

Total current liabilities                                                                         11,380,000          11,005,000
                                                                                             ----------------    ----------------

   Term loans                                                                                        892,000             396,000
   Convertible debentures                                                                            405,000             405,000
   Deferred compensation, net of current portion of $234,000 and $203,000 at
     November 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively                                                      1,056,000           1,056,000
   Capital lease obligations, net of current portion of $126,000 and $79,000 at
     November 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively                                                        341,000             243,000
                                                                                             ----------------    ----------------

Total liabilities                                                                                 14,074,000          13,105,000
                                                                                             ----------------    ----------------

Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity:
   Preferred stock-$.001 par value; 5,000,000 shares
     authorized; no shares issued and outstanding                                                          -                   -
   Common stock-$.001 par value; 25,000,000 shares authorized;
       8,671,272 and 8,519,055 shares issued and outstanding at
       November 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively                                                        9,000               9,000
   Additional paid-in capital                                                                      7,083,000           6,987,000
   Accumulated deficit                                                                            (2,801,000)         (4,009,000)
                                                                                             ----------------    ----------------

Total stockholders' equity                                                                         4,291,000           2,987,000
                                                                                             ----------------    ----------------

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                                 $      18,365,000   $      16,092,000
                                                                                             ================    ================

                            See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
</TABLE>


                                      F-5
<PAGE>

                         ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Common Stock             Paid-in        Accumulated           Total
                                                ------------------------                                       Stockholders'
                                                  Shares       Amount         Capital          Deficit             Equity
                                                -----------   ----------    -------------   ---------------    ---------------

<S>                                              <C>        <C>           <C>             <C>                <C>
Balances, November 30, 1997                      8,604,805  $     9,000   $    7,131,000  $       (804,000)  $      6,336,000

Stock options exercised                            154,250            -          151,000                 -            151,000
Common stock repurchased by the Company
   and retired                                     (29,600)           -          (39,000)                -            (39,000)
Net loss                                                 -            -                -        (2,331,000)        (2,331,000)
                                                -----------   ----------    -------------   ---------------    ---------------

Balances, November 30, 1998                      8,729,455        9,000        7,243,000        (3,135,000)         4,117,000

Stock options exercised                             15,000            -           10,000                 -             10,000
Common stock repurchased by the Company
   and retired                                    (225,400)           -         (266,000)                -           (266,000)
Net loss                                                 -            -                -          (874,000)          (874,000)
                                                -----------   ----------    -------------   ---------------    ---------------

Balances, November 30, 1999                      8,519,055        9,000        6,987,000        (4,009,000)         2,987,000

Stock options exercised                            152,217            -           96,000                 -             96,000
Subsidiary year end change                               -            -                -            35,000             35,000
Net income                                                                                       1,173,000          1,173,000
                                                -----------   ----------    -------------   ---------------    ---------------

Balances, November 30, 2000                      8,671,272  $     9,000   $    7,083,000  $     (2,801,000)   $     4,291,000
                                                ===========   ==========    =============   ===============    ===============

                            See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
</TABLE>


                                      F-6
<PAGE>

                         ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                          2000                   1999                 1998
                                                                    ------------------     ------------------    ------------------

<S>                                                                 <C>                    <C>                   <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net income (loss)                                                $       1,173,000      $        (874,000)    $    (2,331,000)
   Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net
   cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
     Depreciation                                                             815,000                897,000             951,000
     Amortization                                                              63,000                 64,000             415,000
     Write-off of IT license                                                        -                      -             158,000
     Provision for bad debt                                                         -                      -              (2,000)
     Provision for obsolete inventory                                         (10,000)                89,000            (113,000)
     Write-down of goodwill                                                         -                      -           1,523,000
     Deferred tax provision                                                   267,000                220,000            (619,000)
     Interest and other on deferred compensation                              160,000                170,000             138,000
     (Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets                                  (25,000)                     -               5,000
     Write-off of note receivable from affiliate                                    -                      -              50,000
     Discontinued operations:
       Write-off of property and equipment                                    308,000                      -                   -
       Reversal of litigation accrual                                        (975,000)                     -                   -
       Provision for litigation accrual                                             -                      -             975,000
       Other                                                                        -                (71,000)                  -
     Effect of November 2000 cash flow activity for a
       subsidiary year end change                                              35,000                      -                   -
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
       Accounts receivable                                                   (515,000)            (2,050,000)         (1,464,000)
       Income tax receivable                                                  229,000                (62,000)           (199,000)
       Inventories                                                         (1,095,000)            (1,403,000)             36,000
       Prepaid expenses and other                                            (192,000)               (53,000)             11,000
       Other assets                                                            85,000               (132,000)             22,000
       Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                             1,266,000              1,847,000             969,000
       Deferred income                                                        (64,000)               113,000             224,000
                                                                    ------------------     ------------------    ----------------

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                         1,525,000             (1,245,000)            749,000
                                                                    ------------------     ------------------    ------------------

Cash flows from investing activities:
   Purchases of property and equipment                                     (1,107,000)            (1,012,000)        (1,315,000)
   Proceeds from sale of property and equipment                                54,000                      -                   -
                                                                    ------------------     ------------------    ----------------

Net cash used in investing activities                                      (1,053,000)            (1,012,000)        (1,315,000)
                                                                    ------------------     ------------------    ------------------

Cash flows from financing activities:
   Exercise of common stock options                                            96,000                 10,000             151,000
   Purchase and retirement of common stock                                          -               (266,000)           (39,000)
   Net borrowings (repayments) under line of credit                          (238,000)             2,023,000             625,000
   Borrowings under term loan                                                 496,000                246,000             150,000
   Proceeds received from capitalized financing                                     -                323,000              55,000
   Payments on capital lease obligations                                      (92,000)               (30,000)           (31,000)
   Payments on deferred compensation                                         (129,000)               (59,000)          (123,000)
   Payments on capitalized financing                                                -                (22,000)            (6,000)
                                                                    ------------------     ------------------    ----------------

Net cash provided by financing activities                                     133,000              2,225,000             782,000
                                                                    ------------------     ------------------    ------------------
</TABLE>


                                      F-7
<PAGE>

                         ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      2000                   1999                 1998
                                                                ------------------     ------------------    ------------------

<S>                                                           <C>                    <C>                   <C>
Net change in cash and cash equivalents                                   605,000                (32,000)            216,000

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                              496,000                528,000             312,000
                                                                ------------------     ------------------    ------------------

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                        $         1,101,000    $           496,000   $         528,000
                                                                ==================     ==================    ==================

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
  Cash paid (received) during the year for:
     Interest                                                 $           445,000    $           377,000   $         222,000
                                                                ==================     ==================    ==================

     Income taxes                                             $          (229,000)   $                 -   $         924,000
                                                                ==================     ==================    ==================
</TABLE>


Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities:

     During the years ended November 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998, the Company
     acquired approximately $237,000, $323,000 and $55,000, respectively, of
     property and equipment under capital lease obligations.

           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements


                                      F-8
<PAGE>

                         ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1-ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

Advanced Materials Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company"), engage in
the conversion of specialty materials, including foams, films and adhesive
composites into components and finished products for the computer peripheral,
medical, automotive, aerospace and consumer products markets. The Company has
manufacturing facilities in the United States and in Ireland, as well as a
strategic manufacturing alliance in Puerto Rico and Singapore. During 1998, the
Company discontinued the operations of its Condor Utility Products, Inc.
subsidiary. See Note 11, Discontinued Operations.

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and
its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated.

RECLASSIFICATIONS

Certain fiscal 1999 and 1998 amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been reclassified to conform to the fiscal 2000 presentation.

FISCAL YEAR CHANGE

During calendar 2000, the Company's Ireland subsidiary, Advanced Materials
Ltd., changed its fiscal year end from October 31 to November 30. The
consolidated statement of operations for the year ended November 30, 2000
includes the results of this subsidiary's operations for the twelve months
ended October 31, 2000. The results of operations for the transition period
of November 1 to November 30, 2000 for this subsidiary were charged to
retained earnings in order to report only twelve months of operating results.

USE OF ESTIMATES

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

The Company considers highly liquid investments with a remaining maturity of
three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company's cash
equivalents at November 30, 2000 consist primarily of investments in a money
market fund.

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The Company has financial instruments whereby the fair market value of the
financial instruments could be different than that recorded on a historical
basis.

The Company's cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable
and line of credit approximated fair value at November 30, 2000 because of the
relatively short maturity of these instruments. The carrying value of debt
approximated fair value at November 30, 2000 due to the Company's ability to
obtain financing at similar interest rates from other lenders.

INVENTORIES

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or
market. Cost includes raw materials, labor, manufacturing overhead and purchased
products. Market is determined by comparison with recent purchases or net
realizable value. Net realizable value is based on forecasts for sales of the
Company's products in the ensuing years. Should demand for the Company's
products prove to be significantly less than anticipated, the ultimate
realizable value of the Company's inventories could be substantially less than
the amount shown on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.


                                      F-9
<PAGE>

NOTE 1-ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for additions and major
improvements are capitalized. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to
operations as incurred. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise
disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the
accounts, and gains or losses from retirements and dispositions are credited or
charged to income.

Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line method over
estimated useful lives of three to seven years. Leasehold improvements are being
amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the useful life of the
related improvements or term of the lease. Depreciation expense was
approximately $815,000, $897,000, and $951,000 for the years ended November 30,
2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively, of which $592,000, $741,000, and $618,000,
respectively, is included in cost of sales in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations.

GOODWILL

Goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value
of net assets acquired, is amortized on a straight-line basis over 15 years.

IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS

The Company assesses the recoverability of its long-lived and certain intangible
assets, including goodwill, by determining whether the related asset balance can
be recovered through projected undiscounted cash flows. The amount of
impairment, if any, is measured based on projected discounted future cash flows
(fair value) and charged to operations in the period in which impairment is
determined by management. During the year ended November 30, 1998, management
determined that $909,000 of goodwill associated with the Company's purchase of
certain assets of Wilshire Technologies Inc.'s OEM Medical Products Division had
been impaired, as these products have been discontinued and no future cash flow
is anticipated. Accordingly, this amount was charged to operations as reflected
in the accompanying 1998 consolidated statement of operations.

Additionally, approximately $614,000 of goodwill related to the Condor facility
was written-off in 1998 as part of the discontinuation of the operations of
Condor Utility Products, Inc. The Company also wrote-down equipment with a
carrying value of $308,000 during 2000. See Note 11, Discontinued Operations.

During 1998, the Company wrote-off the net balance of capitalized license rights
of approximately $158,000. The license pertained to a worldwide license to
manufacture, use and sell certain industrial products utilizing proprietary
polymers and processes to be developed by Innovative Technologies ("IT"). IT
never successfully developed such technologies and during 1998 cancelled all
plans to develop such technologies. Based on these events management of the
Company determined that the valuation of capitalized license rights had been
impaired, and accordingly, charged approximately $158,000 to operations as
reflected in the accompanying 1998 consolidated statement of operations.

There were no impairment charges for the year ended November 30, 1999.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

The Company recognizes revenue upon shipment of product.

ADVERTISING COSTS

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs were approximately
$22,000, $23,000, and $33,000, for the years ended November 30, 2000, 1999, and
1998, respectively, and are included in selling, general and administrative
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.


                                      F-10
<PAGE>

NOTE 1-ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

At November 30, 2000 the Company maintained cash balances at certain financial
institutions in excess of federally insured limits.

CUSTOMERS

The Company provides credit in the normal course of business to customers
throughout the United States and foreign markets. The Company performs ongoing
credit evaluations of its customers. The Company maintains reserves for
potential credit losses based upon the Company's historical experience related
to credit losses.

Hewlett Packard accounted for 53%, 41% and 39% of consolidated revenues for the
years ended November 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998. Hewlett Packard accounted for 43%
and 29% of consolidated accounts receivable as of November 30, 2000 and 1999,
respectively. While the Company has acquired new customers as well as orders for
new products from existing customers, the loss of Hewlett Packard as a customer
or a decline in the economic prospects of Hewlett Packard could have a material
adverse effect on the Company's business.

SUPPLIERS

Foamex accounted for 62% and 62% of consolidated purchases for the years ended
November 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively. Foamex and Voltek accounted for 60%
and 11% of consolidated purchases for the year ended November 30, 1998. Foamex
accounted for 19% and 19% of consolidated accounts payable at November 30, 2000
and 1999, respectively. Management believes that the loss of any of its major
suppliers would not have a material adverse effect on the Company's operations
long-term, due to the availability of other suppliers. However, the loss of a
Foamex could have a material adverse effect on operations in the short-term
(estimated by management to be less than three months).

MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT

The Company formed Advanced Materials Foreign Sales Corporation Ltd., a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company to enter into a strategic manufacturing
agreement in Singapore. The Company has entered into a ten-year agreement with
Foamex Asia ("Foamex"). Terms of the agreement call for the Company to lease
production equipment and provide certain technology to Foamex. Foamex will in
turn provide its manufacturing facilities and workforce to fabricate foam
products at Foamex's Singapore facility. The continued success of the Company's
Singapore operations depend upon the continued relationship with Foamex.

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

LICENSES AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

The Company has secured a patent on a manufacturing process for fabricating
plastic foam sheet material with compound radius. Patent number is 5,939,009 and
date of patent is August 17, 1999. The Company relies on proprietary know-how,
exclusive distribution agreements, and employs various methods to protect its
processes, including employment contracts with key personnel. There can be no
assurance that others will not independently develop similar processes.

ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION AND OPERATING CONSIDERATIONS

The manufacture of certain products by the Company requires the purchase and use
of chemicals and other materials, which are or may be, classified as hazardous
substances. The Company and its subsidiaries do not maintain environmental
impairment insurance. There can be no assurance that the Company and its
subsidiaries will not incur environmental liability or that hazardous substances
are not or will not be present at their facilities.


                                      F-11
<PAGE>

NOTE 1-ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to regulations administered by the
United States Environmental Protection Agency, various state agencies, county
and local authorities acting in conjunction with federal and state agencies and
EU and Irish agencies. Among other things, these regulatory bodies impose
restrictions to control air, soil and water pollution. The extensive regulatory


framework imposes significant complications, burdens and risks on the Company.
Governmental authorities have the power to enforce compliance with these
regulations and to obtain injunctions and/or impose civil and criminal fines or
sanctions in the case of violations.

The Federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"), imposes strict joint and several liability on
the present and former owners and operators of facilities which release
hazardous substances into the environment. The Federal Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act of 1976, as amended ("RCRA"), regulates the generation, governed by
the law, which contains the California counterparts of CERCLA and RCRA. The
Company and its subsidiaries believe that their manufacturing activities are in
substantial compliance with all material Federal, State, EU, and Irish laws and
regulations governing their respective operations. Amendments to existing
statutes and regulations could require the Company or its subsidiaries to modify
or alter methods of operations at costs, which could be substantial. There can
be no assurance that the Company or its subsidiaries will be able, for financial
or other reasons, to comply with applicable laws and regulations.

The Company believes that it currently conducts, and in the past has conducted,
its activities and operations in substantial compliance with applicable
environmental laws, and believes that costs arising from existing environmental
laws will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated
financial condition or results of operations. There can be no assurance,
however, that environmental laws will not become more stringent in the future or
that the Company will not incur costs in the future in order to comply with such
laws.

Various laws and regulations relating to safe working conditions, including the
Occupational Safety and Health Act ("OSHA"), are also applicable to the Company
and its subsidiaries. The Company believes it and its subsidiaries are in
substantial compliance with all material Federal, state, local, EU and Irish
laws and regulations regarding safe working conditions.

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS

The functional currency of foreign subsidiaries is considered to be the United
States dollar. Foreign translation gains and losses from remeasurement are
included in the consolidated statements of operations. Foreign exchange loss for
the years ended November 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998 was approximately $67,000,
$5,000 and $44,000, respectively.

INCOME TAXES

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" ("SFAS 109"). Under
the asset and liability method of SFAS 109, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of
assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates expected to
apply when the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are
established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts which are
more likely than not to be realized. The provision for income taxes is the tax
payable or refundable for the period plus or minus the change during the period
in deferred tax assets and liabilities.

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

The Company accounts for stock option grants in accordance with APB Opinion No.
25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees". The Company adopted the
disclosure requirements of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123,
"Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation", ("SFAS 123"), which requires the
disclosure of pro forma net income and earnings per share as if the Company
adopted the fair value-based method in measuring compensation expense.


                                      F-12
<PAGE>

NOTE 1-ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

ACCOUNTING FOR START-UP COSTS

Start-up costs are expensed as incurred. Expenditures directly related to and
incurred during the start-up phase of the Company's foreign manufacturing
facility were expensed in the period incurred. Such costs amounted to
approximately $608,000 for the year ended November 30, 1998.

EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE

The Company has adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 128, "Earnings per Share" ("SFAS 128"). SFAS 128 requires the
presentation of basic and diluted net income per share. Basic earnings per share
excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average
of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share
reflects the potential dilution that would occur if securities or other
contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock.
Common share equivalents including stock options, warrants, and Convertible
Debentures have been excluded for the years ended November 30, 1999 and 1998 as
their effect would be antidilutive.

Basic and Diluted net income per share computed in accordance with SFAS 128 for
the years ended November 30 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          2000               1999                1998
                                                                     ---------------    ---------------     ---------------

         BASIC EPS:
<S>                                                                <C>                <C>                 <C>
         Net income (loss)                                         $      1,173,000   $       (874,000)   $     (2,331,000)
         Denominator:  Weighted average common shares
            outstanding                                                   8,599,723          8,581,630           8,717,609
                                                                     ---------------    ---------------     ---------------


         Net income (loss) per share - basic                       $           0.14   $          (0.10)   $          (0.27)
                                                                     ===============    ===============     ===============

         DILUTED EPS:

         Net income (loss)                                         $      1,173,000   $       (874,000)   $     (2,331,000)
         Denominator:  Weighted average common shares
            outstanding                                                   8,599,723          8,581,630           8,717,609
         Common equivalent shares outstanding:
            Options                                                         162,870                  -                   -
            Warrants                                                         21,819                  -                   -
                                                                     ---------------    ---------------     ---------------

         Total shares                                                     8,784,412          8,581,630           8,717,609
                                                                     ---------------    ---------------     ---------------


         Net income (loss) per share - diluted                     $           0.13   $          (0.10)   $          (0.27)
                                                                     ===============    ===============     ===============
</TABLE>

There were 1,097,000 potentially dilutive options outstanding at November 30,
2000 that are not included above because they would be anti-dilutive.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

In June 1998, the FASB issued SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivatives and
Hedging Activities", which establishes accounting and reporting standards for
derivative instruments, including certain derivative instruments embedded in
other contracts (collectively referred to as derivatives) and for hedging
activities. In May 1999, the FASB voted to delay the effective date of SFAS 133
by one year, meaning the Company will be required to adopt this standard in
fiscal 2001. The Company has not used any derivative instruments to date.
Management does not anticipate that the adoption of this new standard will have
significant effect on the financial position or results of operations of the
Company.


                                      F-13
<PAGE>

NOTE 1-ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

In December, 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements ("SAB
101"). SAB 101 summarizes certain areas of the Staff's views in applying
generally accepted accounting principles to revenue recognition in financial
statements. The Company believes that its current revenue recognition policies
comply with SAB 101.

NOTE 2-INVENTORIES

Inventories consist of the following at November 30:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          2000               1999
                                                                     ---------------    ---------------

<S>                                                                <C>                <C>
         Raw materials                                             $      3,091,000   $      2,700,000
         Work-in-progress                                                   204,000            624,000
         Finished goods                                                   1,823,000            699,000
                                                                     ---------------    ---------------

                                                                          5,118,000          4,023,000

         Less allowance for obsolete inventory                             (156,000)          (166,000)
                                                                     ---------------    ---------------

                                                                   $      4,962,000   $      3,857,000
                                                                     ===============    ===============
</TABLE>

NOTE 3-PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property and equipment consists of the following at November 30:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  2000                1999
                                                                             ---------------     ---------------

<S>                                                                        <C>                 <C>
         Machinery and equipment                                           $      4,986,000    $      4,150,000
         Furniture and fixtures                                                   1,469,000             956,000
         Transportation equipment                                                   203,000             203,000
         Leasehold improvements                                                     454,000             410,000
         Construction in progress                                                   219,000             364,000
                                                                             ---------------     ---------------

                                                                                  7,331,000           6,083,000

         Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                          (4,324,000)         (3,576,000)
                                                                             ---------------     ---------------

                                                                           $      3,007,000    $      2,507,000
                                                                             ===============     ===============
</TABLE>


                                      F-14
<PAGE>

NOTE 4-LINE OF CREDIT

The line of credit consists of the following at November 30:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       2000                1999
                                                                                  ---------------     ---------------

<S>                                                                             <C>                 <C>
         Revolving line of credit agreement with a bank which provides for
         borrowings up to $5,000,000, as defined. The line bears interest at
         prime plus 1.25.% (9.75% and 9.5% at November 30, 2000 and 1999,
         respectively). The line of credit is secured by substantially all of
         the assets of the Company and expires
         in February 2003.                                                      $      3,585,000    $      3,823,000
                                                                                  ===============     ===============
</TABLE>

The line of credit agreement requires the Company to maintain certain financial
covenants including the maintenance of working capital and tangible net worth
ratios. The Company was in compliance with all such covenants at November 30,
2000.

Interest expense related to lines of credit totaled approximately $361,000,
$267,000, and $179,000 for the years ended November 30, 2000, 1999, and 1998,
respectively.

NOTE 5-TERM LOAN

The Company has an outstanding term loan of $422,000 as of November 30, 2000.
The term loan bears interest at prime plus 1.25% (9.75% at November 30, 2000).
The term loan is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and
expires in February 2003.

Advanced Materials Limited, the Company's Ireland subsidiary, is party to a term
loan agreement with a bank which provides for borrowings up to 592,000 Irish
Pounds (approximately $652,000 at November 30, 2000), as defined, and bears
interest at 2.5% over 3 month LIBOR (6.74% at November 30, 2000). There was
$470,000 outstanding under this term loan at November 30, 2000. The loan
facility is secured by substantially all of the plant and equipment acquired by
Advanced Materials Limited and is additionally guaranteed by Advanced Materials
Group, Inc. for an amount of $800,000 plus accrued interest thereon. The loan
facility expires in October 2002, at such time the Company intends to repay any
outstanding balance thereon. Interest expense related to this term loan was
approximately $41,000 and $32,000 for the years ended November 30, 2000 and
1999, respectively. Interest expense related to the term loan was insignificant
for the year ended November 30, 1998.

NOTE 6-CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES

The Company had outstanding convertible debentures totaling $405,000 at November
30, 2000 and 1999, respectively. The debentures bear interest at 7.5% per annum,
with interest payable quarterly. The debentures were issued in denominations of
$1,000, or multiples thereof, and, together with all then accrued and undeclared
interest, are convertible at the election of the holder at any time after their
purchase at a conversion premium of 125% of the closing bid price of the common
stock on the date after their purchase (convertible at prices ranging from $3.59
to $4.37 per share). The debentures mature in March 2004. The debentures may be
prepaid for cash at the option of the Company upon 20 days prior notice, in
whole or in part, at the offering price plus accrued and unpaid dividends to the
prepayment date. If the Company's stock trades at a price equal to 150% of the
closing bid price of its common stock for 10 consecutive trading days, the
Company will have the right to force conversion. The debentures carry no voting
rights. The common stock underlying the debentures was registered pursuant to a
registration statement that was effective January 17, 1995.

Interest expense related thereto totaled approximately $30,000, $31,000, and
$31,000 for the years ended November 30, 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.


                                      F-15
<PAGE>

NOTE 7-DEFERRED COMPENSATION

The Company is obligated to: (i) make monthly payments beginning December 1996,
of $5,500 (reduced to $3,500 in December 2006), and provide life insurance to a
former employee who is currently a stockholder of the Company and (ii) make
monthly payments beginning December 1995, of $3,500 to a former employee.

These obligations are based upon the actuarially determined remaining lives of
the obligees, are subject to cost-of-living adjustments based on the Consumer
Price Index (CPI), estimated by management at 3% per annum, and are due until
the later of the death of the obligees or their spouses.

The present value of the estimated future non-contingent payments under the
above-mentioned agreements is approximately $1,290,000, net of a discount of
approximately $3,077,000. Estimated future payments are due as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
           Years Ending November 30,
           -------------------------

<S>                                                    <C>
          2001                                         $         150,000
          2002                                                   154,000
          2003                                                   158,000
          2004                                                   144,000
          2005                                                   149,000
          Thereafter                                           3,612,000
                                                         ----------------

                                                       $       4,367,000
                                                         ================
</TABLE>

NOTE 8-COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

LEASES

The Company and its subsidiaries lease facilities and equipment under
non-cancelable operating leases which expire at various dates through November
2005. The Company and its subsidiaries also lease certain machinery and
equipment under capital lease obligations which expire in 2004.

Approximate future minimum operating and capital lease obligations at November
30, 2000 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               OPERATING            CAPITAL
                                                                                 LEASES              LEASES
                                                                             ---------------     ---------------

<S>                                                                        <C>                 <C>
         2001                                                              $        685,000    $        165,000
         2002                                                                       603,000             157,000
         2003                                                                       607,000             143,000
         2004                                                                       607,000              68,000
         2005                                                                       330,000              24,000
                                                                             ---------------     ---------------

         Total minimum lease obligations                                   $      2,832,000             557,000
                                                                             ===============

         Less amounts representing interest                                                             (90,000)
                                                                                                 ---------------

         Present value of capital lease payments                                                        467,000
         Current portion                                                                               (126,000)
                                                                                                 ---------------

         Long-term portion                                                                     $        341,000
                                                                                                 ===============
</TABLE>

Lease expense for the years ended November 30, 2000, 1999, and 1998 was
$684,000, $774,000, and $667,000, respectively.

Interest expense incurred under capital lease obligations was insignificant for
the years ended November 30, 2000, 1999, and 1998.


                                      F-16
<PAGE>

NOTE 8-COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)

EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS

On September 1, 1996, the Company purchased substantially all the assets and
assumed all the liabilities of Gasket and Molded Products, Inc. ("GMP"), a
Colorado corporation. In connection with the acquisitions of GMP, the Company
entered into a five year employment contract with one of the prior stockholders
of GMP, which expires August 2001. Under terms of the agreement, the Company is
to pay $66,000 per annum plus a $630 per month auto allowance. The agreement
also specifies incentive bonuses equal to 1% of net sales and 7.5% of operating
profits, as defined, for each of the first two years and for the last three
years of the employment term, respectively. During 2000, 1999 and 1998 such
stockholder was paid an insignificant amount in stock and cash pursuant to this
agreement in connection with incentive bonuses.

The Company has entered into two employment contracts with officers, which
expire between July 2001 and June 2004. Under terms of the agreements, the
Company is to pay base salaries ranging from $155,000 to $250,000 per year.

Approximate minimum future obligations under employment contracts are as follows
as of November 30, 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        YEARS ENDING NOVEMBER 30,

<S>                                                       <C>
       2001                                               $         350,000
       2002                                                         250,000
       2003                                                         250,000
       2004                                                         145,000
                                                            ----------------

                                                          $         995,000
                                                            ================
</TABLE>

LITIGATION

In October 1996, the Company, and Wilshire Technologies, Inc. ("WTI"), were
notified that they had been named in a bodily injury lawsuit pending in the
192nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County Texas, involving silicon breast
implants. Such suit alleges that AM supplied certain foam "wipers" which were
incorporated into certain implants by manufacturers also named in the suit,
which had allegedly caused adverse effects to the plaintiffs. The suit asks for
unspecified damages. The Company believes it has no exposure in this case as:
(1) Advanced Materials ("AM") was not incorporated at the time of such implants;
(2) AM has had no involvement with silicone or other breast implants; (3) AM has
never marketed such "wipers"; and, (4) there exists two indemnification
agreements that provide protection to the Company. The Company believes the
aforementioned provide several layers of protection in the event this case
progresses. Accordingly, no provision for any liability has been made in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. An adverse ruling could,
however, have a marked adverse effect on the Company's financial condition.

The Company's Condor subsidiary has been named in a lawsuit originally filed in
the Superior Court of California, San Joaquin County, on January 24, 1992 by
Vern Auten and Shirley Auten, doing business as Aglo Plastics Company.
Plaintiffs allege that Condor breached a supply contract by obtaining various
molds from a competing supplier, and are seeking damages therefor. Plaintiffs
are also seeking damages based upon an alleged intentional infliction of
emotional distress upon plaintiffs by a Condor employee and by its then owner.
Condor filed a cross-complaint alleging that plaintiffs breached the contract.
Plaintiffs received a non-binding arbitration award of approximately $267,000
plus interest. Condor had requested a trial de novo. Condor subsequently
received notice from an attorney representing the plaintiffs of an alleged
infringement by Condor of a patent held by the plaintiffs.

On October 5, 1998, a jury entered a partial verdict finding that Condor had
breached the supply contract. A judgment in the amount of $382,500 was entered
in favor of the plaintiffs. In response to a motion by the plaintiffs, the
court, on December 22, 1998, awarded attorneys' fees in the amount of $266,000.
Condor recorded a provision in the amount of approximately $975,000, which also
includes estimated interest on the award.


                                      F-17
<PAGE>

NOTE 8-COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)

The jury was unable to reach a verdict on the alleged intentional infliction of
emotional distress upon plaintiffs by a Condor employee and by its then owner.
This matter has been remanded back to the Superior Court of California, San
Joaquin County. The jury further found that the plaintiffs had not breached the
supply contract. The jury also found that Condor did not infringe on the patent
held by the plaintiffs.

On July 19, 1999 the Company filed a complaint for declaratory relief against
Vern Auten and Shirley Auten, individually and doing business as Aglo Plastics
Co, in United States District Court, Southern District of California. The relief
sought by the Company is a declaration by the Court that Advanced Materials
Group, Inc., the parent company of Condor Utility Products, Inc., has no
obligation to pay the Condor Judgment. The Company obtained a declaration during
2000 that it had no liability for the debts of Condor, including the
aforementioned judgment. The Auten's filed an appeal related to this
declaration. See Note 14 - Subsequent Event.

In October 1999, the Company was notified that it and its Condor subsidiary had
been named in a lawsuit in the United States District Court, Central District of
California. Such suit alleges that the Company and its Condor subsidiary and
several other parties also named in the suit maliciously prosecuted Vern and
Shirley Auten. The suit seeks unspecified damages. The ultimate outcome of this
litigation cannot presently be determined.

NOTE 9-STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

COMMON STOCK

During 1999 the Company repurchased 225,400 shares of its common stock at prices
ranging from $1.00 to $1.49, for an aggregate price of approximately $266,000.
These shares were subsequently retired.

During 1998 the Company repurchased 29,600 shares of its common stock at prices
ranging from $1.04 to $1.38, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately
$39,000. These shares were subsequently retired.

STOCK OPTIONS

1993 STOCK OPTION PLAN

The 1993 Stock Option Plan ("1993 Plan"), approved by the stockholders of the
Company, authorizes the granting of various options and rights to purchase
1,250,000 shares of common stock of the Company. The 1993 Plan was effectively
completed during 1997.

The 1993 Plan provided for the grant by the Company of options to purchase
common stock to employees, consultants, officers and directors of the Company.
Options granted under the 1993 Plan could be either "incentive stock options,"
within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, or
"non-qualified stock options". Options could be granted for terms of up to 10
years, except for incentive stock options granted to 10% Stockholders, which
were limited to 5 years. The exercise price in the case of incentive stock
options granted under the 1993 Plan had to be at least equal to the fair market
value of the common stock as of the date of grant.

1997 STOCK OPTION PLAN

On May 4, 1997, the 1997 Stock Option Plan ("1997 Plan") was adopted, effective
January 1, 1997, and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company. The 1997
Plan authorized the granting of various options and rights to purchase up to
1,250,000 shares of common stock of the Company. The 1997 Plan was terminated on
August 25, 1997.

The 1997 Plan provided for the grant by the Company of options to purchase
shares of the Company's common stock to employees, consultants, officers and
directors of the Company. Options granted under the 1997 Plan could only be
"non-qualified stock options". No "incentive stock options", within the meaning
of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, could be granted.


                                      F-18
<PAGE>

NOTE 9-STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (CONTINUED)

1998 STOCK OPTION PLAN

In April, 1998, the stockholders of the Company approved the 1998 Stock Option
Plan ("1998 Plan"). The Plan authorizes the granting of various options and
rights to purchase up to 1,250,000 shares of common stock of the Company.

The 1998 Plan provides for the grant by the Company of options to purchase
shares of the Company's common stock to its officers, directors, employees and
consultants. The 1998 Plan provides that it is to be administered by a committee
consisting of two or more members of the Board of Directors. The Committee has
discretion, subject to the terms of the 1998 Plan, to select the persons
entitled to receive options under the Plan, the terms and conditions on which
options are granted, the exercise price, the time period for vesting such shares
and the number of shares subject thereto.

Options granted under the 1998 Plan may be either "incentive stock options",
within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, or
"non-qualified stock options". No incentive stock option may be granted to any
person who is not an employee of the Company at the date of grant. Options may
be granted under the 1998 Plan for terms of up to 10 years, except for incentive
stock options granted to 10% Stockholders, which are limited to 5-year terms.
The exercise price in the case of incentive stock options granted under the 1998
Plan has to be at least equal to the fair market value of the common stock as of
the date of grant.

During the year ended November 30, 1998, the Company issued options under the
1998 Plan to purchase 115,000 shares of the Company's common stock at exercise
prices ranging from $1.59 to $1.75 per share. No compensation expense was
recorded in connection with the issuance of these options as they were issued at
the fair market value of the underlying stock at the date of grant.

During 1999, the Company issued non-qualifying options to its directors to
purchase 70,000 shares of the Company's common stock under the 1998 plan, at an
exercise price of $1.19. The Options expire in January 2004. No compensation
expense was recorded in connection with the issuance of these options as they
were issued at the fair market value of the underlying stock at the date of
grant.

During 2000, the Company issued non-qualifying options to its directors to
purchase 60,000 shares of the Company's common stock under the 1998 plan, at an
exercise price of $0.94. The options vested immediately and expire in January
2005. No compensation expense was recorded in connection with the issuance of
these options as they were issued at the fair market value of the underlying
stock at the date of grant.

OTHER STOCK OPTIONS

During 1998, the Company issued options to purchase 301,000 shares of the
Company's common stock outside of the 1998 Plan, at exercise prices ranging from
$3.38 to $4.00 per share, with vesting periods up to four years and expiring
through December 2008. No compensation expense was recorded in connection with
the issuance of these options as they were issued at the fair market value of
the underlying stock at the date of grant.


                                      F-19
<PAGE>

NOTE 9-STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (CONTINUED)

The following table summarizes the options granted and outstanding as of
November 30, 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                WEIGHTED
                                                                                                                AVERAGE
                                                                     NUMBER OF SHARES                           EXERCISE
                                                     EMPLOYEE          NON-EMPLOYEE          TOTAL               PRICE
                                                  ---------------     ---------------    ---------------     ---------------

<S>                                                    <C>                   <C>              <C>                <C>
         Outstanding, November 30, 1997                1,274,000             260,000          1,534,000          $ 1.08
         Granted                                         416,000                   -            416,000            3.70
         Exercised                                       (84,000)            (70,000)          (154,000)           0.98
         Canceled                                         (1,000)                  -             (1,000)           1.00
                                                  ---------------     ---------------    ---------------     ---------------

         Outstanding, November 30, 1998                1,605,000             190,000          1,795,000            1.59
         Granted                                               -              70,000             70,000            1.19
         Exercised                                       (15,000)                  -            (15,000)           0.69
         Canceled                                        (74,000)                  -            (74,000)           2.48
                                                  ---------------     ---------------    ---------------     ---------------

         Outstanding, November 30, 1999                1,516,000             260,000          1,776,000            1.63
         Granted                                          60,000                   -             60,000            0.94
         Exercised                                      (152,000)                  -           (152,000)           0.60
         Canceled                                       (100,000)                  -           (100,000)           1.14
                                                  ---------------     ---------------    ---------------     ---------------

         Outstanding, November 30, 2000                1,324,000             260,000          1,584,000          $ 1.62
                                                  ===============     ===============    ===============     ===============
</TABLE>

The fair value of the options granted during 2000 was $0.60 per share.


                                      F-20
<PAGE>

NOTE 9-STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (CONTINUED)

The following table sets forth the exercise prices, the number of options
outstanding and exercisable, and the remaining contractual lives of the
Company's stock options at November 30, 2000.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          WEIGHTED AVERAGE
          EXERCISE                                                        CONTRACTUAL LIFE
                                                                          ----------------
           PRICE               OUTSTANDING           EXERCISABLE             REMAINING
           -----               -----------           -----------             ---------
                                      NUMBER OF OPTIONS
                                      -----------------

<S>      <C>                      <C>                   <C>                   <C>
         $    4.00                  150,000               100,000             7.0 years
              3.69                   70,000                70,000             2.1
              3.44                   20,000                20,000             4.0
              3.38                   75,000                50,000             7.2
              2.84                    1,000                 1,000             6.8
              2.22                   10,000                10,000             1.6
              2.06                   10,000                10,000             1.5
              1.97                   10,000                10,000             1.5
              1.75                  122,000                55,000             7.1
              1.65                   10,000                10,000             6.3
              1.59                    3,000                 3,000             7.7
              1.50                  190,000               190,000             6.3
              1.28                  125,000               125,000             6.1
              1.27                   10,000                10,000             0.5
              1.23                   10,000                10,000             0.5
              1.19                   70,000                70,000             3.1
              1.00                  292,000               292,000             5.8
              0.94                   60,000                60,000             4.1
              0.91                   10,000                10,000             1.6
              0.78                  125,000               125,000             5.5
              0.69                   35,000                35,000             4.9
              0.30                  176,000               176,000             2.1
                          -----------------     -----------------

                                  1,584,000             1,442,000
                          =================     =================
</TABLE>

WARRANTS

On December 22, 1995, in connection with an amendment to a line of credit
agreement with a stockholder, the lender/stockholder was granted a warrant to
purchase 90,000 shares of the Company's common stock exercisable for 5 years at
an exercise price of $0.75 per share. These warrants expired in December 2000.


                                      F-21
<PAGE>

NOTE 9-STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (CONTINUED)

SFAS 123 PRO FORMA INFORMATION

Pro forma information regarding net income and earnings per share is required by
SFAS 123, and has been determined as if the Company had accounted for its
employee stock options under the fair value method of SFAS 123. The fair value
of these options was estimated at the date of grant using the Black Scholes
option pricing model with the following assumptions for the years ended November
30, 2000, 1999, and 1998:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        YEARS ENDING NOVEMBER 30:
                                                                        -------------------------
                                                               2000               1999                1998
                                                          ---------------    ---------------     ---------------

<S>                                                               <C>                <C>                 <C>
                   Interest rate                                    6.5%              5.50%               5.50%
                   Dividend yield                                  0.00%              0.00%               0.00%
                   Expected life of options (years)                    5                  5                   5
                   Volatility factor                              78.00%             73.00%              73.00%
</TABLE>

For purposes of pro forma disclosures, the estimated fair value of the options
granted after December 15, 1995, is amortized to expense over the options
vesting period. Adjustments are made for options forfeited prior to vesting. The
effect on compensation expense, net income, and net income per share had
compensation costs for the Company's stock option plans been determined based on
the fair value method at the date of grant consistent with the provisions of
SFAS 123, for the years ended November 30:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30:
                                                                        ------------------------
                                                               2000               1999                1998
                                                          ---------------    ---------------     ---------------

<S>                                                     <C>                <C>                 <C>
            Net income (loss), as reported              $      1,173,000   $       (874,000)   $    (2,331,000)
                                                          ===============    ===============     ===============

            Net income (loss), pro forma                $        943,000   $     (1,247,000)   $    (2,755,000)
                                                          ===============    ===============     ===============

            Earnings per share, as reported
                Basic                                   $           0.14   $          (0.10)   $         (0.27)
                                                          ===============    ===============     ===============

                Diluted                                 $           0.13   $          (0.10)             (0.27)
                                                          ===============    ===============   $ ===============

            Earnings per share, pro forma
                Basic                                   $           0.11   $          (0.15)             (0.32)
                                                          ===============    ===============   $ ===============

                Diluted                                 $           0.11   $          (0.15)             (0.32)
                                                          ===============    ===============   $ ===============
</TABLE>


                                      F-22
<PAGE>

NOTE 10-INCOME TAXES

Income tax expense from continuing operations are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30:
                                                                                    ------------------------
                                                                           2000               1999                1998
                                                                      ---------------    ---------------     ---------------

<S>                                                                 <C>                <C>                 <C>
            Current:
                Federal                                             $          5,000   $       (220,000)   $        427,000
                State                                                          1,000                  -              78,000
                                                                      ---------------    ---------------     ---------------

                                                                               6,000           (220,000)            505,000

            Deferred:
                Federal                                                      227,000            220,000              66,000
                State                                                         40,000                  -             (33,000)
                                                                      ---------------    ---------------     ---------------

            Total income tax provision                              $        273,000   $              -    $        538,000
                                                                      ===============    ===============     ===============
</TABLE>


The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities at November 30 are as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          2000                1999
                                                                     ---------------     ---------------

<S>                                                                <C>                 <C>
            Deferred tax assets:
               Tax over book depreciation                          $         38,000    $         48,000
               Accounts receivable                                           40,000              43,000
               Inventory                                                    132,000             139,000
               Accrued expenses                                             143,000             746,000
               Goodwill and other intangible assets                       1,024,000           1,022,000
               Other                                                              -              54,000
                                                                     ---------------     ---------------

                  Total deferred tax assets                               1,377,000           2,052,000
                  Less valuation allowance for deferred tax
                    assets                                                 (834,000)         (1,186,000)
                                                                     ---------------     ---------------

            Deferred tax assets                                             543,000             866,000
                                                                     ---------------     ---------------
            Deferred tax liabilities:
               State taxes                                                        -              56,000
                                                                     ---------------     ---------------

                  Total deferred tax liabilities                                  -              56,000
                                                                     ---------------     ---------------

            Net deferred tax assets                                $        543,000    $        810,000
                                                                     ===============     ===============
</TABLE>

At November 30, 2000 the Company had a valuation allowance of $834,000 to reduce
its deferred tax assets to estimated realizable value. Based on the level of
historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the
periods in which temporary differences are anticipated to reverse, management
believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits
of these deferred tax assets, net of the valuation allowance. However, the
amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable could be adjusted in the
future if estimates of taxable income are revised due to changes in
circumstances.


                                      F-23
<PAGE>

NOTE 10-INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)

United States and Foreign income (loss) from continuing operations before income
taxes are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30:
                                                                              ------------------------
                                                                     2000                1999               1998
                                                                ---------------     ---------------    ---------------

<S>                                                           <C>                 <C>                <C>
             Pretax income (loss)
                 Domestic                                     $        176,000    $       (714,000)  $       517,000
                 Foreign                                               603,000            (160,000)         (683,000)
                                                                ---------------     ---------------    ---------------

             Total                                            $        779,000    $       (874,000)  $      (166,000)
                                                                ===============     ===============    ===============
</TABLE>

The reconciliation of the income tax provision (benefit) from continuing
operations to taxes computed at U.S. federal statutory rates is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
            YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30:                                 2000                1999                1998
            ------------------------                            ---------------     ---------------     ---------------


<S>                                                           <C>                 <C>                 <C>
            Income tax (benefit) at statutory rates           $        265,000    $       (297,000)   $        (56,000)
            Change in federal valuation allowance                     (352,000)            284,000             326,000
            Foreign income/losses recorded without tax
                  (expense) benefit and other                          368,000              45,000             238,000
            Foreign Sales Corporation                                   (9,000)            (33,000)                  -
            State and Local income taxes, net of federal
                  income tax                                             1,000               1,000              30,000
                                                                ---------------     ---------------     ---------------

            Total                                             $        273,000    $              -    $        538,000
                                                                ===============     ===============     ===============
</TABLE>

NOTE 11-DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

In November 1998 the Company discontinued the operations of its subsidiary,
Condor Utility Products, Inc. In connection with the closure, the Company
incurred a charge in fiscal 1998 of $1,627,000, net of $538,000 relative to
income taxes. Net sales of Condor Utility Products, Inc. for the year ended
November 30, 1998 were $954,000. See Note 14 - Subsequent Event.

NOTE 12-EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN

The Company has a 401(k) retirement plan that covers the majority of the
Company's domestic employees. An employee, at their discretion, can elect to
make voluntary contributions to the plan from 0% to 20% of their compensation,
up to the maximum amount set by the Internal Revenue Service. The plan requires
the Company to make a matching contribution of 33% of the first 6% of the
voluntary employee contribution. The Company may also contribute an additional
amount determined in its sole judgment. Total expense from this plan related to
continuing operations was approximately $51,000, $51,000 and $46,000 for the
years ended November 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.


                                      F-24
<PAGE>

NOTE 13-FASB 131 SEGMENT REPORTING

The Company's foreign operations include both manufacturing and sales. The
manufacturing facility is located in Ireland and the sales joint venture is
located in Singapore. Both facilities began operations in fiscal 1998. All of
their sales are made to unaffiliated customers. The table includes revenues
based upon customer location. Discontinued operations are included within AMI-US
operations for all years presented. The following is a summary of operations by
entities within geographic areas for the year ending November 30, 2000, 1999,
and 1998:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
REVENUE

                                        AMI-US Operations         AMI-Singapore        AMI Ireland       Consolidated

<S>                                <C>                      <C>                   <C>                 <C>
2000                               $           23,304,000   $        10,046,000   $      6,979,000    $    40,329,000

1999                               $           23,076,000   $         8,409,000   $      3,313,000    $    34,798,000

1998                               $           26,458,000   $         2,035,000   $        423,000    $    28,916,000

NET INCOME (LOSS)

                                        AMI-US Operations         AMI-Singapore        AMI Ireland       Consolidated

2000                               $             (730,000)  $         1,300,000   $        603,000    $     1,173,000

1999                               $           (1,815,000)  $         1,141,000   $       (200,000)   $      (874,000 )

1998                               $           (2,038,000)  $           428,000   $       (721,000)   $    (2,331,000 )

ASSETS

                                        AMI-US Operations         AMI-Singapore        AMI Ireland       Consolidated

2000                               $           11,681,000   $         3,648,000   $      3,036,000    $    18,365,000

1999                               $            9,953,000   $         3,655,000   $      2,484,000    $    16,092,000

1998                               $            8,657,000   $         2,920,000   $      1,105,000    $    12,682,000
</TABLE>

NOTE 14-SUBSEQUENT EVENT

On February 15, 2001, the Court of Appeals dismissed the Auten appeal as
discussed in Note 8. Accordingly, the Company reversed a litigation accrual of
$975,000. At November 30, 2000, there are no remaining assets or liabilities in
connection with the discontinued operations.


                                      F-25
<PAGE>

                         ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 15-QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

Summarized quarterly financial data for 2000 and 1999 follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   First          Second             Third             Fourth
                                                  Quarter         Quarter           Quarter           Quarter              Year
                                                ------------   --------------    --------------   -----------------    ------------


2000

<S>                                           <C>            <C>               <C>                <C>                <C>
Revenues                                      $   9,481,000  $   $10,243,000   $    10,491,000    $     10,114,000   $   40,329,000
Gross profit                                      1,478,000        1,588,000         1,614,000           1,497,000        6,177,000
Net earnings, from continuing operations            251,000          266,000           260,000            (271,000)         506,000
Net earnings, from discontinued operations                -                -                 -             667,000          667,000
Earnings per share:
   Basic, continuing operations               $        0.03  $          0.03   $          0.03    $          (0.03)  $         0.06
   Basic, discontinued operations             $           -  $             -   $             -    $           0.08             0.08
   Diluted, continuing operations             $        0.03  $          0.03   $          0.03    $          (0.03)  $         0.06
   Diluted, discontinued operations           $           -  $             -   $             -    $           0.07   $         0.07

1999

Revenues                                      $   7,380,000  $     9,059,000   $     7,737,000    $     10,622,000   $   34,798,000
Gross profit                                        846,000        1,525,000           446,000           1,724,000        4,541,000
Net earnings                                       (390,000)         276,000        (1,099,000)            339,000         (874,000)
Earnings per share:
   Basic                                      $       (0.05) $          0.03   $         (0.13)   $           0.05   $        (0.10)
   Diluted                                    $       (0.05) $          0.03   $         (0.13)   $           0.05   $        (0.10)
</TABLE>


                                      F-26
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

         In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the
registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.

                                       ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
Dated: February 28, 2001
                                       By:          /s/ Steve F. Scott
                                           -------------------------------------
                                                       Steve F. Scott
                                           PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

         In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below
by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<S>                                      <C>                                                       <C>
        /s/ Steve F. Scott               Chief Executive Officer, President and Director           February 28, 2001
------------------------------------     (PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER)
         Steve F. Scott

        /s/ Gayle L. Arnold              Chief Financial Officer  (PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND         February 28, 2001
------------------------------------     ACCOUNTING OFFICER)
         Gayle L. Arnold

       /s/  Timothy R. Busch             Chairman and Director                                     February 28, 2001
------------------------------------
         Timothy R. Busch

       /s/  Maurice J. DeWald            Director                                                  February 28, 2001
------------------------------------
         Maurice J. DeWald

       /s/  Michael A. Ledeen            Director                                                  February 28, 2001
------------------------------------
         Michael A. Ledeen

       /s/ N. Price Paschall             Director                                                  February 28, 2001
------------------------------------
         N. Price Paschall
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   NO.                                                             EXHIBITS
   ---                                                             --------

<S>        <C>
2.1        Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated April 21, 1993 between Far West Ventures, Inc. (now known as Advanced
           Materials Group, Inc.), Wilshire Advanced Materials, Inc. and the stockholders of Wilshire Advanced Materials, Inc. (1)
3.1        Articles of Incorporation of Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (formerly known as Far West Ventures, Inc.). (1)
3.2        Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (1)
3.3        Bylaws, as amended, of Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (1)
10.1       Asset Purchase Agreement dated August 4, 1992 between Wilshire Advanced Materials, Inc. and Wilshire Technologies,
           Inc. (1)
10.2       Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement dated August 4, 1992 between Wilshire Advanced Materials, Inc. and Wilshire
           Technologies, Inc. dated December 2, 1992. (1)
10.3       Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 6, 1993 between Advanced Materials Group, Inc. and the stockholders of Condor
           Utility Products, Inc. (2)
10.4       The 1993 Stock Option Plan of Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (3)
10.5       Form of Convertible Debenture. (4)
10.6       Promissory Note of the Company dated March 25, 1994 payable to Michael W. Crow in the amount of $787,618. (5)
10.7       Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated August 16, 1995 between Advanced Material Group, Inc. and Hiram H. Johnson
           and Beth A. Johnson. (6)
10.8       Industrial Lease Agreement executed August 31, 1995 between New York Life Insurance and Annuity Corporation, as Landlord
           and Advanced Materials, Inc., as Tenant. (7)
10.9       Form of Equity Warrant between Advanced Materials Group, Inc. and Trilon Dominion Partners, L.L.C. (8)
10.10      Form of Debt Warrant between Advanced Materials Group, Inc. and Trilon Dominion Partners, LLC. (9)
10.11      Loan Agreement dated as of November 26, 1996, between Advanced Materials, Inc. And Wells Fargo National Association. (10)
10.12      First Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of September 1, 1996, between Advanced Materials, Inc. and Wells Fargo
           National Association. (11)
10.13      Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of September 1, 1996, between Advanced Materials, Inc. and Gasket and Molded
           Products, Inc. and Shareholders. (12)
10.14      Amendment One to Lease dated as of September 27, 1996, between Advanced Materials Group, Inc. And Riggs National Bank of
           Washington, D.C. as Trustee of the Multi-Employer Property Trust. (13)
10.15      The 1997 Stock Option Plan of Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (14)
10.16      Industrial Sublease Agreement executed September 1, 1997 between Advanced Material, Inc. as landlord and S-Line as
           tenant. (15)
10.17      Manufacturing Agreement dated January 30, 1998 by and between Advanced Materials FSC Ltd. and Foamtec (Singapore) Pte.
           Ltd. (16)
10.18      Form of Warrant Assignment Agreement dated September 15, 1997 between Trilon Dominion Partners, LLC. and certain
           individuals. (17)
10.19      Credit Agreement dated as of February 27, 1998 between Advanced Materials Group, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National
           Association. (18)
10.20      The 1998 Stock Option Plan of Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (19)
10.21      Agreement of Settlement and General Release, dated October 20, 1998, by and among Advanced Materials Group, Inc., Condor
           Utility Products, Inc. and Gary and Dora Valiska, former employees of Condor Utility Products, Inc. (20)
10.22      Employment agreement dated September 11, 1998 between Advanced Materials Group, Inc. and Steve F. Scott, Chief Executive
           Officer, President and Director. (21)
10.23      Consulting Agreement dated March 31, 1997, by and between Advanced Materials Group, Inc. and Paschall and Company. (22)
10.24      Industrial Lease Agreement, including addenda and additional provisions, executed June 30, 1999, by and between Riggs &
           Company, a division of Riggs Bank N.A., as Trustee of the Multi-Employer Property Trust, as Landlord, and Advanced
           Materials, Inc., as Tenant. (23)
10.25      Employment Agreement dated August 1, 1999, by and between Advanced Materials Group, Inc. and David A. Lasnier, Senior
           Vice President, General Manager. (24)
10.26      Employment Agreement dated August 1, 1999, by and between Advanced Materials Group, Inc. and James Douglas Graven, Vice
           President, Chief Financial Officer. (25)

<PAGE>

16.1       Letter from Ernst & Young, L.L.P., dated September 22, 2000, regarding its concurrence with Advanced Material Group,
           Inc.'s statement regarding change of accountants. (26)
21.1       List of Subsidiaries. (27)
</TABLE>


-----------

<TABLE>
<S>      <C>
(1)      Filed as a like-numbered exhibit to the Company's Registration
         Statement on Form SB-2 dated December 6, 1993 (Registration No.
         33-72500), incorporated herein by reference.

(2)      Filed as  Exhibit 10.10  to the  Company's  Registration  Statement on Form SB-2  dated  December 6,  1993
         (Registration No. 33-72500), incorporated herein by reference.

(3)      Filed as Exhibit 10.18 to Amendment No. 1 dated March 1, 1994 to the
         Company's Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated December 6, 1993
         (Registration No. 33-72500), incorporated herein by reference.

(4)      Filed as Exhibit 10.23 to Amendment No. 2 dated May 6, 1994 to the
         Company's Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated December 6, 1993
         (Registration No. 33-72500), incorporated herein by reference.

(5)      Filed as Exhibit 10.24  to Amendment No. 2 dated May 6,  1994 to the Company's  Registration  Statement on
         Form SB-2 dated December 6, 1993 (Registration No. 33-72500), incorporated herein by reference.

(6)      Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-QSB dated August 31, 1995, incorporated herein by reference.

(7)      Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-QSB dated August 31, 1995, incorporated herein by reference.

(8)      Filed as Exhibit 2.2 to Form 8-K filed January 5, 1996, incorporated herein by reference.

(9)      Filed as Exhibit 2.3 to Form 8-K filed January 5, 1996, incorporated herein by reference.

(10)     Filed as Exhibit 10.18 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1996, incorporated herein by reference.

(11)     Filed as Exhibit 10.19 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1996, incorporated herein by reference.

(12)     Filed as Exhibit 10.20 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1996, incorporated herein by reference.

(13)     Filed as Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1996, incorporated herein by reference.

(14)     Filed as Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1997, incorporated herein by reference.

(15)     Filed as Exhibit 10.22 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1997, incorporated herein by reference.

(16)     Filed as Exhibit 10.23 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1997, incorporated herein by reference.

(17)     Filed as Exhibit 10.24 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1997, incorporated herein by reference.

(18)     Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed February 27, 1998, incorporated herein by reference.

(19)     Filed as Exhibit A to Form DEF-14A dated April 8, 1998, incorporated herein by reference.

(20)     Filed as Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-KSB filed March 1, 1999, incorporated herein by reference.

(21)     Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-QSB filed July 10, 1997, incorporated herein by reference.

<PAGE>

(22)     Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-QSB filed July 10, 1997, incorporated herein by reference.

(23)     Filed as Exhibit 10.24 to Form 10-K filed February 28, 2000, incorporated herein by reference.

(24)     Filed as Exhibit 10.25 to Form 10-K filed February 28, 2000, incorporated herein by reference.

(25)     Filed as Exhibit 10.26 to Form 10-K filed February 28, 2000, incorporated herein by reference.

(26)     Filed as Exhibit 16.1 to Form 8-K filed September 22, 2000, incorporated herein by reference.

(27)     Filed as Exhibit 21 to Form 10-K filed February 28, 2000, incorporated herein by reference.
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
