<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>advancedmaterials_10k-113004.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549


                                    FORM 10-K
(MARK ONE)
|X|      ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
         OF 1934.

         FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 2004.

|_|      TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
         ACT OF 1934.
        FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __________ TO __________

                           COMMISSION FILE NO. 0-16401


                         ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

           NEVADA                                                33-0215295
(State or other jurisdiction of                               (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                              Identification No.)

3303 LEE PARKWAY SUITE 105 DALLAS, TEXAS                            75219
(Address of principal executive offices)                            (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (972) 432-0602
Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: NONE
Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:
                                                   COMMON STOCK, $.001 PAR VALUE

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes |_| No |X|

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes |_|  No |X|

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of
"accelerated filer and large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.

Large Accelerated Filer |_|   Accelerated Filer |_|    Non-Accelerated Filer |X|

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes|_| No |X|

         The aggregate market value on June 1, 2006 of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $2,515,000.

         There were 12,116,000 shares of our Common Stock, par value $0.001 per
share, outstanding as of June 1, 2006.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
None.





<PAGE>


                                     PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS...............................................................1

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS..........................................................5

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.............................................................6

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS......................................................6

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS....................6

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
        STOCKHOLDER MATTERS....................................................6

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA................................................8

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
        AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS..............................................9

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK...........15

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA...............16

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
        AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE..............................................16

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES..............................................16

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT...................17

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION...............................................18

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.......20

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.......................21

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICE................................22

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES..............................22

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM......................F-1

SIGNATURES....................................................................22

INDEX TO EXHIBITS.............................................................23


                                       ii



<PAGE>

PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS.

GENERAL

Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (the "Company" or "AMG") develops, manufactures
and markets a wide variety of products from a raw material base of flexible
components. The Company's principal subsidiary, Advanced Materials, Inc.
(formerly known as Wilshire Advanced Materials, Inc.) ("AM"), is the successor
to a 50 year old business that converted specialty materials including foams,
foils, films and adhesive composites into components and finished products.
Today, the Company is making a transition from the foam fabricator / contract
manufacturing business to proprietary medical and consumer products. Examples of
the products AM is currently manufacturing include non-skid surgical instrument
pads and applicators for medical use, soap impregnated surgical prep kit
sponges, protective units for arthroscopic and orthopedic instruments, printer
cartridge inserts and inking felts, automobile insulators and water and dust
seals. These products are made for a number of customers in various markets
including medical, technology, aerospace, automotive and consumer.

The Company, which was formerly known as Far West Ventures, Inc., was
incorporated in Nevada in October 1986. The Company was inactive from January
1990 until April 1993, when it acquired AM. AM had previously been formed as a
California corporation in August 1992 for the purpose of acquiring the assets of
the General Foam Products division of Wilshire Technologies, Inc. ("WTI"). The
assets acquired by AM constituted a portion of the business and assets
previously acquired by WTI from Wilshire Foam Products, Inc. in November 1990.

The Company's principal executive offices are located at 3303 Lee Parkway Suite
105 Dallas, Texas 75219, and its telephone number is (972) 432-0602. The
Company's website is www.ami4.com

BUSINESS STRATEGY

The Company's new focus is to concentrate on developing and licensing or
acquiring proprietary products to be marketed primarily to the medical and
consumer industry. The objective is to turn the Company into manufacturer and
marketer of disposable medical and consumer products. This goal will be pursued
through aggressive product development and the licensing of existing patented
and proprietary products or technology. In previous years the Company has been a
leading supplier of specialty die-cut polymeric materials. The common ingredient
with the past business plan and this new effort to develop and license or
acquire proprietary products is that the raw materials from which all products
will be produced is "flexible" materials. The core competency is still being
utilized; the equipment necessary to produce the proprietary products is the
same as has been historically employed by the Company. Since polymers are
synthetic chemical structures and are used in a variety of configurations and
products, the applications are numerous.

Although management believes that manufacturers are increasingly recognizing the
value in conserving or reallocating their resources by outsourcing the specialty
components of their products, U.S. companies are finding it increasingly
difficult to compete with Asian manufacturers. This Company is positioning
itself in the marketplace to benefit from this trend where and when it can, but
the primary focus will be generating its own proprietary opportunities with both
its existing customer base as well as new prospects. The Company continuously
looks for new materials to work with as was done in the past, but with an
emphasis on patentable or otherwise proprietary applications.

A significant part of the Company's past strategy had been to attempt to
penetrate foreign marketplaces by establishing fabrication plants through
subsidiaries in such areas as Ireland and Singapore. This strategy has been
abandoned. The Company's Irish subsidiary, Advanced Materials Ltd. ("AM Ltd")
was formed in fiscal year 1997 and was sold in October 2003. Advanced Materials
Foreign Sales Corp. ("AM FSC"), was formed in 1997 in order to enter into a
strategic manufacturing agreement in Singapore. In 1998, AM FSC entered into a
ten-year agreement with Foamex Asia. The terms of the agreement call for AM FSC
to provide certain production equipment and technology to Foamex Asia. Foamex
Asia in turn provides its manufacturing facilities and workforce to fabricate
foam products at their Singapore facility. The manufacturing agreement was
amended in July 2003, and although the Singapore joint venture is still
producing product, the Company's role in the management of that operations has
been altered such that AM is receiving a percentage of the profit with only
limited involvement.

The Company's long-term strategy also includes the identification and
acquisition of other entities whose resources or talents could aid AM in its new
strategy. Such an acquisition could add strategic and economic value to the
Company's product line and competitive positioning. Although this is part of the
Company's strategy, no acquisition candidates have as yet been identified.

PRODUCTS

The Company manufactures a variety of products made from specialty flexible
materials including foams, foils, fabrics, non-woven paper products, needle
felts, films and adhesive composites. These products have primarily been
components and finished products for the medical, consumer, aerospace,
technology, and automotive markets. These products have historically included
inserts for computer printer cartridges, insulators used in automobile
applications, water and dust seals for automobiles, computers, printers and HVAC
systems, filters for trucks, computers and electrical humidifiers, sound
attenuation foam, and foam/fabric composites for cushions and padding in
helmets, soft luggage and other consumer products. In addition, private label
manufacturing of products for medical accounts include electrosurgical grounding
pads, sponges, neck braces, kneepads and other specialty products. Most of these
products have been designed and produced to meet the specifications of each
customer. AMG has typically provided no warranty for its products that are built
to the specification of its customers, other than compliance with those
specifications at the time of delivery.

Most of the products produced by AMG have been manufactured to specifications
furnished by its customers. Accordingly, the Company did not engage in research
and development of new products. The Company has, however, always sought to
acquire or build new and advanced equipment, in order to maintain production
capabilities consistent with its customers' specifications.

The proprietary products of the future will be built to the Company's
specifications, but could very well be bought by many of the same customers the
Company sells to today. Given the Company's change in focus, it anticipates that
an increasing percentage of its products, designs, and production methods will
be patent protected, or be proprietary in some aspect. Different from the
strategy adopted in the previous years, research and development will be the
objective of AM. The primary target markets will be medical and consumer,
however it is expected that research and development efforts could produce ideas
that would be equally valuable to the Company's existing industrial customers
outside the medical and consumer markets. In those cases the benefits of those
non-medical or non-consumer products will be shared with our existing customers
and AM will be the manufacturer of those products for those customers. The
Company currently has a product development backlog that is expected to fuel
future growth. In summary, the roots of the company remain unchanged. Die
cutting of flexible materials will continue unabated. However, the "root system"
will be used to support new "branches". AM's future is in proprietary and
patented products and processes.

MANUFACTURING

AM's corporate headquarters is located in Dallas, Texas and its manufacturing
facility is located in Rancho Dominguez, California. This facility is
approximately 56,000 square feet and services a region consisting of the United
States and parts of the Pacific Rim area. A substantial amount of the
manufacturing equipment has been designed and constructed by AM. Plans are
currently being made to improve the California facility and to sublease our
82,000 square foot Dallas facility. The Dallas space was previously utilized by
a plant that was closed in 2001. Improvements to the Company's California
facility are required as the Company focuses more effort on the development of
products for medical and consumer products.

AM has developed and employs a wide variety of techniques in the manufacturing
of its products. These techniques will include vacuum forming, pressure
sensitive lamination, coating, die cutting, splitting, slitting, heat sealing
and packaging. Vacuum forming is a process that involves heating foam until the
material is pliable and then pulling the material into a cooled mold using a
vacuum to get intimate contact to the mold surface with the material, which then
takes the form of the mold. Pressure sensitive lamination is a process that
involves the use of heat and pressure to apply an adhesive laminate to the
substrate and a paper liner to the adhesive, which can be pulled off by the user
to attach the substrate to the desired surface. In the Coating operation,
materials are saturated in specific liquids and then dried with heat and
temperature in large ovens. Die cutting is a process that involves the use of a
match tool die in a hydraulic press to cut material. Splitting and slitting is a
process that uses saws or slitters with blades ranging from saw tooth to razor
edge, depending on the material to be processed, to horizontally and/or
vertically slice layers off blocks of raw material. Heat sealing involves using
heat and pressure to seal thermoplastics together.

Few of AM's manufacturing processes are unique or proprietary. Most are basic
processes known to many in the foam fabricating industry. This is the reason
that competition is high and profits are low in this industry and why AM is
expanding into new markets. AM's machines and processes, though not proprietary
in themselves, will be used to produce proprietary medical and consumer
products. New, proprietary and patented products are the key to the future
success of AM. The management of AM will use the company's existing foundation
on which to build a medical and consumer product company.

QUALITY CONTROL

AMG is ISO 9002 certified and QS 9000 certified at its Rancho Dominguez and
Dallas facilities. It also maintains systems and procedures that meet customer
quality specifications and has successfully completed qualification surveys
conducted by Fortune 500 OEM manufacturers. AMG maintains procedures for
conducting quality compliance surveys of its major suppliers and has specific
procedures in place for receiving inspection, source inspection, process
inspection and control, instrument calibration standards, records maintenance,
training and internal quality audits. The Company has implemented systems for
statistical process control, which utilize statistical techniques to identify,
monitor and improve critical manufacturing processes such as sawing, die cutting
and thermoforming.

SUPPLIERS

AMG purchases raw materials primarily consisting of polyurethane foam,
cross-linked polyolefin foams and pressure sensitive adhesives. AMG's largest
supplier of raw materials is Foamex Engineered Polyurethanes ("Foamex"), which
in fiscal 2004, 2003 and 2002 supplied approximately 16%, 23% and 33%,
respectively, of AMG's raw materials' requirements. Materials purchased from
Foamex in 2003 were used to produce the products for AMG's most significant
customer, Hewlett Packard. See Customers below. Although the objectives of the
Company have been adjusted, it is not anticipated that the supplier base will
change significantly. Due to the amendment in the agreement in July 2003, the
Company no longer sells directly to Hewlett Packard, but rather receives a
percentage of the profit from its joint venture partner. Additionally, the
Company ceased selling to Hewlett Packard, Puerto Rico due to low gross margins.
These changes significantly reduced the Company's percentage of sales accounted
for by Hewlett Packard and purchasing from Foam is also affected by the changes
above as listed percentage due to Hewlett Packard is no longer a significant
customer.

AM is an authorized fabricating distributor of a number of raw material
suppliers, including Foamex, Voltek, Avery Dennison (pressure sensitive
adhesives), Zotefoam (cross linked polyethylenes) and Rogers (cast urethanes).
Management believes that these supply arrangements, many of which have been
active for 25 years or more, provide AM with a diverse mix of raw materials at
the best available prices. AM purchases raw materials pursuant to purchase
orders placed from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Failure or
delay by such suppliers in supplying necessary raw materials to AM could
adversely affect AM's ability to manufacture and deliver products on a timely
and competitive basis. AM purchases its raw materials on standard credit terms
and considers its relationships with its suppliers to be good.

Management believes that the loss of Foamex as a major supplier of foam could
adversely affect the Company's business. If another supplier's products were to
be substituted by our customers in critical applications, there are no
assurances that AMG would retain the favorable supply position that it has
earned through over 25 years as an authorized converter/fabricator for Foamex.
This key supplier has been consulted on the future direction of the Company, and
this product development initiative will be with their cooperation.

MARKETING AND SALES

AMG's products have traditionally been marketed and sold primarily to major
divisions of large industrial customers, many of which are industry leaders
whose products have significant market share. AMG does not see a significant
change to this practice although the product mix will change. In the past, all
of AMG's products have been components or finished products manufactured to
order for its industrial customers. As discussed previously, AMG will also sell
and manufacture products developed internally, and well as those licensed from
outside inventors. The customer's purchase decision has often involved the
engineering, manufacturing and purchasing groups within the customer's
management. It is anticipated that the customers' team of management will
continue to be involved in the process, but will also include sales and
executive level management.

AMG currently has three full-time sales representatives who make sales calls on
a direct basis. One of the sales representatives, AMG's Vice President of Sales
and Marketing, is in the field and two provide inside sales support. All three
sales representatives receive a salary.

AMG's domestic sales as a percentage of the Company's consolidated sales were
approximately 88%, 70% and 56% for fiscal years 2004, 2003 and 2002,
respectively. Domestic sales include sales to Hewlett Packard Puerto Rico, which
comprised 0%, 12% and 15% of consolidated sales for fiscal years 2004, 2003 and
2002, respectively. The sales to Puerto Rico will not continue in the future, as
the Company ceased selling to its customer in Puerto Rico in late 2003 due to
low gross margins. AMG sells to a number of foreign regions including Asia,
South America and the Middle East. Foreign sales, which accounted for
approximately 12%, 30% and 44% of fiscal 2004, 2003 and 2002 sales,
respectively, are made both directly and through sales agents who receive
commissions. During 2003, AMG restructured its manufacturing agreement in
Singapore and shifted certain sales previously included in domestic sales to
Singapore. Although this change will not affect profits, it will significantly
reduce the Company's foreign sales. Sales that were previously included in
domestic sales that will now be manufactured in Singapore comprised 9%, 7% and
4% of consolidated sales for fiscal years 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.
Without these foreign sales, domestic sales would have been 79%, 51% and 37% for
fiscal years 2004, 2003 and 2002 respectively. See further discussion under the
heading "Business Strategy" included herein.

Total revenue attributable to each geographic area in which the Company sells is
included in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included
herein.

AMG relies primarily upon referrals by its customers and suppliers and the
activities of its sales representatives and management for new business.

CUSTOMERS

AMG generally sells its products pursuant to customer purchase orders. There can
be no assurance that any customers will continue to purchase products from AMG.
AMG's customers are in the medical disposables, technology, aerospace,
automotive and consumer markets. AMG's plans are to continue to pursue customers
in those markets, but with an added emphasis in the medical and consumer
segments and concentrating on proprietary and or patentable products. Management
believes that diversity spreads the risk of dependence on one customer or one
market sector. One customer, Hewlett Packard, accounted for 2%, 51% and 65% of
consolidated sales for the years ended November 30, 2004, 2003 and 2002,
respectively. These sales to Hewlett Packard were primarily through the
Company's manufacturing agreement with its joint venture partner in Singapore.
Sales to Hewlett Packard, Singapore aggregated 9%, 37% and 48% of consolidated
sales for the years ended November 30, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Due to
an amendment in the agreement in 2003, the Company no longer sells directly to
Hewlett Packard, but rather receives a percentage of the profit from its joint
venture partner. Additionally, sales to Hewlett Packard, Puerto Rico accounted
for 0%, 12% and 15% of consolidated sales for the years ended November 30, 2004,
2003 and 2002, respectively. Beginning in late 2003, the Company ceased selling
to Hewlett Packard, Puerto Rico due to low gross margins. These changes will
significantly reduce the Company's percentage of sales accounted for by Hewlett
Packard in the future and Hewlett Packard will no longer be a significant
customer.

AMG believes its current prices are competitive with those of other domestic
suppliers of custom and flexible materials. AMG sales are typically made on
terms, which require payment of the net amount due in 30 or 60 days. Product
development efforts will continue to pursue designs and materials that create
perceived value.

AM's domestic customers of products made from bulk materials such as foam are
located primarily in the West and Southwest regions of the United States. For
those bulky, low price products, high freight costs on long distance shipments
from AM's Rancho Dominguez facility make it difficult for AM to be competitive
in other regions of the United States or internationally. However, in the
medical and consumer markets, with products whose base materials do not use high
volume foam, AM can competitively supply products both domestically and
internationally.

LICENSES AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

AMG is currently working with inventors to secure the licensing rights to
products it feels it can successfully manufacture and market. AMG is also
currently developing products that it feels will be awarded a patent because of
the unique design or function. AMG has always relied on proprietary know-how,
exclusive license rights and distribution agreements, and employs various
methods to protect its processes. However, such methods may not afford complete
protection, and there can be no assurance that others will not independently
develop such processes.

COMPETITION

The custom materials fabrication industry in which AMG has competed is highly
competitive. The number of competitors and the Company's competitive position
are not known or reasonably available. Low barriers to entry and fragmented
competition characterize the industry. Most of the Company's competitors have
been small, privately held companies, which generally specialize in only one
product or process. Three of the Company's principal competitors are Boyd
Industrial, which has four locations in the Western United States, Packaging
Alternatives Corp. and Rogers Foam Corp. AMG has competed primarily on the basis
of its ability to meet customers' specifications promptly and cost effectively,
and on the quality of its products.

It is because of this low barrier to entry, that AMG has made the decision to
focus on a long-term effort to secure proprietary and patentable products.
Competition is decreased with proprietary product since the barriers to entry
increase. Current or future competitors or new market entrants could introduce
new or enhanced products with features that render AMG's products obsolete or
less marketable, or could develop means of producing competitive products at a
lower cost. The ability of AMG to compete successfully will depend in large
measure on its ability to adapt to technological changes in the industry by
striving to be the innovative leader. There can be no assurance that AMG will be
able to keep pace with the technological and innovative demands of the market
place or successfully develop new products demanded by customers.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

The manufacture of certain products by AMG requires the purchase and use of
chemicals and other materials, which are or may be classified as hazardous
substances. The Company does not maintain environmental impairment insurance.
There can be no assurance that the Company will not incur environmental
liability or that hazardous substances are not or will not be present at their
facilities.

The Company is subject to regulations administered by the United States
Environmental Protection Agency, various state agencies, county and local
authorities acting in conjunction with federal and state agencies. Among other
things, these regulatory bodies impose restrictions to control air, soil and
water pollution. The extensive regulatory framework imposes significant
complications, burdens and risks on the Company. Governmental authorities have
the power to enforce compliance with these regulations and to obtain injunctions
and/or impose civil and criminal fines or sanctions in the case of violations.

The Federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"), imposes strict, joint and several liability on
the present and former owners and operators of facilities which release
hazardous substances into the environment. The Federal Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act of 1976, as amended ("RCRA"), regulates the generation,
transportation, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous waste. In
California, the handling and disposal of hazardous substances is governed by the
law, which contains the California counterparts of CERCLA and RCRA. The Company
and its subsidiaries believe that their manufacturing activities are in
substantial compliance with all material Federal and state laws and regulations
governing their operations. Amendments to existing statutes and regulations
could require the Company to modify or alter methods of operations at costs,
which could be substantial. There can be no assurance that the Company will be
able, for financial or other reasons, to comply with applicable environmental
laws and regulations.

Various laws and regulations relating to safe working conditions, including the
Occupational Safety and Health Act ("OSHA"), are also applicable to the Company
and its subsidiaries. The Company believes it is in substantial compliance with
all material Federal, state and local laws and regulations regarding safe
working conditions.

EMPLOYEES

As of June 1, 2006 a, the Company had 29 full-time employees. Of the Company's
full-time employees, 21 are employed in manufacturing, 3 are in sales, 3 perform
general and administrative functions and 2 perform other functions. The Company
also utilizes the services of contract workers as needed from time to time in
its manufacturing operations. As of April June 1, 2006, the Company utilized
approximately 26 contract workers.

None of the employees of the Company are presently represented by a labor union
and the Company's management considers the relationships with its employees to
be good.

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.

         In addition to the other information in the Annual Report on Form 10K,
investors should carefully consider the following factors listed below about us.
Certain statements in "Risk Factors" are forward-looking statements. See item 7
- Managements' Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations - "Forward-Looking Statements."

a)   General business conditions, including a worsening economy, which might
     slow the overall demand for the Company's products and increases of
     interest costs based on the Company's borrowing activities.

b)   Competitive factors, including heightened competition from existing
     competitors leading to increased price competition and margin erosion; and
     the introduction of new products or technologies by customers or
     competitors..

c)   Concentrations of sales in markets and customers.

d)   Failure to obtain new customers, retain existing customers or volume
     reductions by current customers.

e)   Concentrations of raw material suppliers, including difficulties or delays
     in obtaining raw materials.

f)   Inability to execute marketing and sales plans.

g)   Inability to develop cost effective means for timely production of new
     product orders in required quantities.

h)   Delays or cancellations of orders; timing of significant orders; and
     introduction of new products.

i)   Delays in development of production equipment required for new products.

j)   Short-term fluctuations in margins due to yields and efficiencies.

k)   Loss of executive management or other key employees.

l)   Changes in financing amount, availability or cost.

m)   The effects of changes in costs and availability of insurance coverage.

n)   The effects of changes in compensation or benefit plans.

o)   Adoptions of new, or changes in, accounting policies and practices and the
     application of such policies and practices.

p)   Costs of petroleum based raw materials (i.e. Foam)

         The prices of raw materials account for 50% or more of our
         manufacturing costs. We have experienced increases in raw material
         costs since the middle of 2002. Our ability to pass on cost increases
         may be hindered by competition or selling price.

         Prices of raw materials are influenced by demand, manufacturing
         capacity and oil and natural gas prices. Historically, the prices of
         raw materials have been cyclical and volatile and our suppliers of raw
         materials have increased the price of raw materials several times over
         the past years. We have been more successful in implementing selling
         price increases in 2004 than historically.

q)   Costs of shipping due to rising fuel costs

We do not undertake to update, revise or correct any forward-looking statements.
Any of the factors described above could cause our financial results, including
our net income (loss) or growth in net income (loss) to differ materially from
prior results, which in turn could, among other things, cause the price of our
common stock to fluctuate substantially.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.

The Company leases approximately 56,000 square feet of manufacturing and office
space in Rancho Dominguez, California and approximately 82,600 square feet of
manufacturing and office space in Dallas, Texas. The Company pays rent of
approximately $22,400 per month under its Rancho Dominguez lease and
approximately $ 27,500 per month under its Dallas lease. The Rancho Dominguez
lease expired November 2004 and was renewed at approximately $24,600 per month
through November 2010 and the Dallas lease expired in November 2005 and was not
renewed. The Company subleased 70,000 square feet of the facility in Dallas
through November 2005.

Effective November 1, 2005 the Company rented office space in Dallas for its
corporate Headquarters. The Company pays approximately $5,200 per month and the
lease expires in October 2010.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

As of May 1, 2006 the Company was involved in legal proceedings in the normal
course of operations. Although the outcome of the proceedings cannot be
determined, in the opinion of management any resulting future liability will not
adversely effect on the Company.

The Company had previously made monthly payments aggregating approximately
$8,000 to two former employees in conjunction with a liability it had assumed in
a business combination in 1992. As of March 2003, the Company ceased making
payments to these individuals, as the Company believes it has fulfilled its
obligation. In May 2004 the Company settled the dispute for a lump-sum payment
of $250,000 which was paid prior to year-end. The remainder of the reserve was
released and included as gain on settlement of $974,000 in the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

The Company did not submit any matter to a vote of security holders during the
fourth quarter of fiscal year 2004.

PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

MARKET INFORMATION

The Company's common stock traded on The Nasdaq Small-Cap Stock Market
("Nasdaq") under the symbol "ADMG" from June 23, 1993 until December 13, 2000.
Effective as of December 14, 2000, the Company's common stock was delisted from
Nasdaq and has been traded on the NASD-regulated OTC-Bulletin Board under the
symbol "ADMG.OB." In April 2004, the Company was delisted from the OTC-Bulletin
Board, but still trades on the OTC Pink Sheets under the symbol "ADMG.PK". The
high and low closing prices for the common stock for the past two fiscal years
as reported by The Pink Sheets, LLC are set forth in the following table. Such
quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or
commission, and may not represent actual transactions.

FISCAL 2004                                               HIGH           LOW
-----------------------------------------------------  -----------   -----------
Fourth Quarter                                         $      0.67   $      0.55
Third Quarter                                          $      0.74   $      0.44
Second Quarter                                         $      0.71   $      0.30
First Quarter                                          $      0.90   $      0.28

FISCAL 2003                                               HIGH           LOW
-----------------------------------------------------  -----------   -----------
Fourth Quarter                                         $      0.29   $      0.22
Third Quarter                                          $      0.28   $      0.20
Second Quarter                                         $      0.22   $      0.20
First Quarter                                          $      0.23   $      0.18

HOLDERS

There were approximately 2,800 shareholders of record as of June 1, 2006.

DIVIDEND POLICY

The present policy of the Company is to retain earnings to provide funds for the
operation and expansion of its business. The Company has paid no cash dividends
during the past two fiscal years and management does not anticipate that it will
do so in the foreseeable future. The Company's line of credit agreement with its
bank currently prohibits the payment of cash dividends.

PRIVATE PLACEMENT

In January 2004, the Company completed an equity private placement, raising
$500,000. In the private placement the Company sold 1,219,515 shares of its
common stock at a price of $0.41 per share. The shares were sold to parties
close to the Company, including its Chairman and former CEO, who were already
major shareholders. There was no agent for the transaction. Proceeds from the
sale were used to pay off existing vendors and for general working capital
purposes.

In June 2004, the Company sold 595,239 shares to Delk Partners, Ltd., Plus 4,
and the Lenawee Trust in exchange for an aggregate of $250,000 cash. Robert Delk
is the general partner of Delk Partners, Ltd. and was a director and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company; Timothy Busch is a beneficiary of the Lenawee
Trust and a director of the Company; and Richard H. Pickup is a partner of Plus
4 and a member of a group beneficially owning more than 10% of the outstanding
shares of common stock of the Company. The proceeds were used to pay the
settlement of deferred compensation as discussed above.

In August, 2005, ADMG issued to each of the Lenawee Trust and Plus Four Private
Equities, L.P. 625,000 shares of ADMG's common stock for $0.20 per share
($125,000 each). The Lenawee Trust is an affiliate of Timothy R. Busch, the
Chairman of ADMG's Board of Directors.

In October 2005, the Company sold 350,000 shares of the Company's common stock
for total proceeds of $70,000.

SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS

The following table provides information as of November 30, 2004 regarding
compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which
equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance.

<TABLE>
<S>       <C>
                                                                                                         NUMBER OF SECURITIES
                                                                                                        REMAINING AVAILABLE FOR
                                                                                                         FUTURE ISSUANCE UNDER
                                              NUMBER OF SECURITIES TO         WEIGHTED-AVERAGE          QUITY COMPENSATION PLANS
                                              BE ISSUED UPON EXERCISE         EXERCISE PRICE OF          (EXCLUDING SECURITIES
PLAN CATEGORY                                 OF OUTSTANDING OPTIONS         OUTSTANDING OPTIONS       EREFLECTED IN COLUMN (a)
------------------------------------------   --------------------------   --------------------------   --------------------------
                                                        (a)                          (b)                          (c)
Equity compensation plans approved
  by security holders                                2,176,000                   $    0.97                      886,000
Equity compensation plans not
  approved by security holders                         180,000                        1.50                           --
                                             --------------------------   --------------------------   --------------------------
Total                                                2,356,000                   $    1.01                      886,000
                                             --------------------------   --------------------------   --------------------------


ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30,                     2004              2003            2002             2001            2000
--------------------------------------       ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:

Revenues:
   Net sales                                 $  7,957,737    $ 14,475,000    $ 26,588,000    $ 29,423,000    $ 33,349,000
                                             ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Cost and expenses:
   Cost of sales                                6,182,346      13,142,000      25,071,000      27,606,000      28,695,000
   Selling, general and administrative          1,562,359       2,141,000       2,233,000       3,555,000       3,685,000
   Restructuring charges                          (84,032)       (352,000)        226,000       1,334,000              --
   Interest expense                               192,980         254,000         409,000         492,000         475,000
   Depreciation and amortization                  189,016         210,000         213,000         287,000         227,000
   Write-down of goodwill                              --              --         387,000              --              --
   Gain on settlement                            (974,000)             --              --              --              --
   Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets        108,232         159,000         (13,000)        (25,000)             --
   Other, net                                      63,888          69,000         108,000          81,000          91,000
                                             ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
   Total costs and expenses                     7,240,789      15,623,000      28,634,000      33,330,000      33,173,000
                                             ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------

Loss from continuing operations before
   income taxes                                   716,948      (1,148,000)     (2,046,000)     (3,907,000)        176,000
Income tax (benefit) expense, net                   2,400          24,000        (297,000)             --           6,000
                                             ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------

Loss from continuing operations                   714,548      (1,172,000)     (1,749,000)     (3,907,000)        170,000
Net income (loss) from discontinued
   operations                                          --         541,000         547,000         521,000       1,003,000
                                             ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------

Net income (loss)                            $    714,548    $   (631,000)   $ (1,202,000)   $ (3,386,000)   $  1,173,000
                                             ============    ============    ============    ============    ============

Net income (loss) per share from
  continuing operations:
   Basic                                     $       0.07    $      (0.14)   $      (0.20)   $      (0.45)   $       0.02
                                             ============    ============    ============    ============    ============
   Diluted                                   $       0.07    $      (0.14)   $      (0.20)   $      (0.45)   $       0.02
                                             ============    ============    ============    ============    ============

Net income (loss) per share:
   Basic                                     $       0.07    $      (0.07)   $      (0.14)   $      (0.39)   $       0.14
                                             ============    ============    ============    ============    ============
   Diluted                                   $       0.07    $      (0.07)   $      (0.14)   $      (0.39)   $       0.13
                                             ============    ============    ============    ============    ============

Weighted Average Common Shares
   Outstanding
   Basic                                       10,033,343       8,671,272       8,671,272       8,671,272       8,599,721
                                             ============    ============    ============    ============    ============
   Diluted                                     10,575,052       8,671,272       8,671,272       8,671,272       8,784,412
                                             ============    ============    ============    ============    ============

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Working capital (deficit)                    $    226,895    $   (911,000)   $    107,000    $   (927,000)   $  1,401,000
Total assets                                 $  2,800,788    $  3,607,000    $ 10,800,000    $ 13,321,000    $ 17,027,000
Total liabilities                            $  2,059,627    $  4,495,000    $ 11,098,000    $ 12,417,000    $ 12,736,000
Stockholders' equity (deficit)               $    741,161    $   (888,000)   $   (298,000)   $    904,000    $  4,291,000

</TABLE>


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS.

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the
Company's audited consolidated financial statements and notes to financial
statements included elsewhere in this document. This report and the Company's
audited consolidated financial statements and notes to financial statements
contain forward-looking statements, which generally include the plans and
objectives of management for future operations, including plans and objectives
relating to the Company's future economic performance and management's current
beliefs regarding revenues the Company might earn if it is successful in
implementing its business strategies. The forward-looking statements and
associated risks may include, relate to or be qualified by other important
factors, including, without limitation:

a)   General business conditions, including a worsening economy, which might
     slow the overall demand for the Company's products and increases of
     interest costs based on the Company's borrowing activities.

b)   Competitive factors, including heightened competition from existing
     competitors leading to increased price competition and margin erosion; and
     the introduction of new products or technologies by customers or
     competitors..

c)   Concentrations of sales in markets and customers.

d)   Failure to obtain new customers, retain existing customers or volume
     reductions by current customers.

e)   Concentrations of raw material suppliers, including difficulties or delays
     in obtaining raw materials.

f)   Inability to execute marketing and sales plans.

g)   Inability to develop cost effective means for timely production of new
     product orders in required quantities.

h)   Delays or cancellations of orders; timing of significant orders; and
     introduction of new products.

i)   Delays in development of production equipment required for new products.

j)   Short-term fluctuations in margins due to yields and efficiencies.

k)   Loss of executive management or other key employees.

l)   Changes in financing amount, availability or cost.

m)   The effects of changes in costs and availability of insurance coverage.

n)   The effects of changes in compensation or benefit plans.

o)   Adoptions of new, or changes in, accounting policies and practices and the
     application of such policies and practices.

r)   Costs of petroleum based raw materials (i.e. Foam)

s)   Costs of shipping due to rising fuel costs

We do not undertake to update, revise or correct any forward-looking statements.
Any of the factors described above could cause our financial results, including
our net income (loss) or growth in net income (loss) to differ materially from
prior results, which in turn could, among other things, cause the price of our
common stock to fluctuate substantially.

The Company's consolidated financial statements have been presented on the basis
that it is a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company
incurred net income (losses) of $714,548, $(631,000) and $(1,202,000) in fiscal
years 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Net income in 2004 includes a gain on
settlement of $974,000 and the reversal of a restructuring reserve of $84,032.

At November 30, 2004, the Company had limited cash resources and was not in
compliance with certain financial covenant ratios pertaining to its line of
credit, and therefore is in technical default under the compliance provisions of
the line of credit and term loan. In September of 2005, the Company renegotiated
the terms of these debt instruments, reducing the line of credit from $3.75
million to $1.5 million and extending the term of the term loan through October
1, 2006 with monthly principal payments of $7,500 and the remainder due on
October 1, 2006. Under the new agreement, the line of credit and term loan bear
interest at Prime plus 1.5% and Prime plus 2.0%, respectively. As a result of
the new agreement, the Company was able to cure its debt covenant violations.

Management has implemented a plan to reduce expenses and improve sales. The
Company has continued to focus in the last few months on proprietary products
and will now be concentrating on securing proprietary products primarily for the
medical and consumer industry. The objective is to create advanced designs,
using current materials. These products will be pursued through aggressive
product development and the licensing of existing patented products or
technology. These new products are expected to have higher profit margins and be
less subject to competition. There can be no assurances that the Company will be
successful in completing these critical tasks. If the Company is unable to
successfully complete these critical tasks, it may be forced to significantly
reduce, restructure or cease its operations and/or liquidate inventory at
amounts below current carrying value to generate the necessary working capital
to fund its operations, and if necessary, seek other remedies available to the
Company including protection under the bankruptcy laws. As a result of these and
other factors, the Company's independent certified public accountants, Catherine
Fang, CPA, LLC, indicated in their report on the 2004 consolidated financial
statements, that there is substantial doubt about the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern.

In January 2004, the Company sold 1,219,515 shares of its common stock in a
private equity placement for $500,000. Proceeds from the sale were used to pay
off vendors and for general working capital purposes. The Company may decide to
sell additional equity securities or increase its borrowings in order to
increase its expenditures for selling and marketing expenses, to fund increased
product development, or for other purposes. The shares were sold to parties
close to the Company, including its Chairman and its CEO, who were already major
shareholders. There was no agent for the transaction.

In June 2004, the Company sold 595,239 shares to Delk Partners, Ltd., Plus 4,
and the Lenawee Trust in exchange for an aggregate of $250,000 cash. Robert Delk
is the general partner of Delk Partners, Ltd. and was a director and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company; Timothy Busch is a beneficiary of the Lenawee
Trust and a director of the Company; and Richard H. Pickup is a partner of Plus
4 and a member of a group beneficially owning more than 10% of the outstanding
shares of common stock of the Company. The proceeds were used to pay the
settlement of deferred compensation as discussed above.

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

In October 2003, the Company sold its wholly owned subsidiary, Advanced
Materials Ltd. ("AML-Ireland"). The consolidated statements of operations of
AML-Ireland are shown separately as discontinued operations for those periods.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The Company's significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the
audited consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this report. The
Company's management believes the Company's most critical accounting policies
include revenue recognition, inventory valuation, impairment of long-lived
assets, and income tax assets and liabilities.

Revenue Recognition
-------------------

The Company recognizes revenue from product sales when it is realized or
realizable and earned, which is generally at the time of shipment and passage of
title. Revenue is considered to be realized or realizable and earned when there
is persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement in the form of a contract or a
purchase order, the product has been shipped, the sales price is fixed or
determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured. The Company records
revenue for shipping costs charged to customers. The related shipping costs
incurred are recorded in cost of sales.

Inventory Valuation
-------------------

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or
market. Cost includes raw materials, labor, manufacturing overhead and purchased
products. Market is determined by comparison with recent purchases or net
realizable value. Net realizable value is based on forecasts for sales of the
Company's products in the ensuing years. Should demand for the Company's
products prove to be significantly less than anticipated, the ultimate
realizable value of the Company's inventories could be substantially less than
the amount shown on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
-------------------------------

The Company assesses the recoverability of its long-lived and certain intangible
assets, including goodwill, by determining whether the related asset balance can
be recovered through projected undiscounted cash flows. The amount of
impairment, if any is measured based on projected discounted future cash flows
(fair value) and charged to operations in the period in which impairment is
determined by management.

Restructuring Reserve
---------------------

Upon approval of a restructuring plan by management with the appropriate level
of authority, the Company records restructuring reserves for certain costs
associated with plant closures and business reorganization activities. Such
costs are recorded as a current liability and primarily include employee
severance and contractual obligations. These costs are not associated with nor
do they benefit continuing activities. Inherent in the estimation of these costs
are assessments related to the most likely expected outcome of the significant
actions to accomplish the restructuring. Changing business conditions may affect
the assumptions related to the timing and extent of facility closure activities.
The Company reviews the status of restructuring activities on a quarterly basis
and if appropriate records changes based on updated estimates.

Income Taxes
------------

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" ("SFAS 109"). Under
the asset and liability method of SFAS 109, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of
assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates expected to
apply when the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are
established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts, which are
more likely than not to be realized. The provision for income taxes is the tax
payable or refundable for the period plus or minus the change during the period
in deferred tax assets and liabilities.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR FISCAL 2004 COMPARED WITH 2003 AND 2003 COMPARED WITH
2002

THE COMPANY'S REVENUE from continuing operations for the fiscal year ended
November 30, 2004 was $7,957,737, a decrease of 45.0% compared to the fiscal
year ended November 30, 2003. Revenues from the Singapore strategic
manufacturing venture declined to $729,551 in fiscal 2004 from $4,394,000 in
fiscal 2003. Revenues from U.S. operations decreased to $7,228,286 in fiscal
2004 from $10,081,000 in fiscal 2003. Revenue from continuing operations, for
the fiscal year ended November 30, 2003 was $14,475,000 a decrease of 45.5%
compared to fiscal 2002. Revenue from the Singapore strategic manufacturing
venture was $4,394,000 in fiscal 2003 compared to $11,739,000 in fiscal 2002.
Revenue from U.S. operations decreased to $10,081,000 in fiscal 2003 from
$14,849,000 in fiscal 2002.

The lower sales for the U.S. operations are due to lower sales volumes. The
Company has continued to face increased competition and to feel the effects of
customers moving their manufacturing operations from the United States to Asia.
For the shipping cost sensitive foam commodities that the Company has primarily
sold in the past, it has been very difficult to be competitive with the local
fabricators in Asia. The Company shifted certain manufacturing and sales from
its U.S. operations to its Singapore joint venture in late 2003. It also ceased
selling to two significant customers in the U.S. and Puerto Rico in 2003, due to
low sales margins. Sales to these customers aggregated 19% and 22% of
consolidated sales in fiscal year 2003 and 2002, respectively. The Company has
shifted its primary focus to generating its own proprietary opportunities with
both its existing customer base as well as new prospects in order to build a
more competitive base of business in the United States.

There was an amendment to the Company's manufacturing agreement in Singapore
with Foamex Asia ("Foamex") to change the vendor of record for the customer
supplied under the agreement from the Company to Foamex effective July 17, 2003.
Although this change does not affect the Company's share of the profitability
under the agreement, it does cause a significant reduction in its reported
revenues. This agreement expires in early 2008. Previously, the Company
purchased the raw materials for the production of product and billed the end
customer and therefore recognized the gross sales and cost of sales on its
financials. Under the amended agreement, it no longer purchases the raw
materials or bills the end customer and only recognizes its portion of profit as
revenue. Management believes this change has been beneficial to the Company as
it stills maintains a share of the profits from the Singapore agreement, while
it has significantly reduced its capital requirements since it no longer needs
to purchase raw materials several months in advance of realizing sales.

The Company formed Advanced Materials Foreign Sales Corporation Ltd., a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, to enter into a strategic manufacturing
agreement in Singapore. The Company entered into a ten-year agreement with
Foamex Asia ("Foamex") in January 1998. Terms of the agreement call for the
Company to lease production equipment and provide certain technology to Foamex.
Foamex will in turn provide its manufacturing facilities and workforce to
fabricate foam products at Foamex's Singapore facility. The manufacturing
agreement has a profit sharing provision that changes annually. The profit
sharing split is as follows (in percentages):

YEAR                                       THE COMPANY      FOAMEX
------------------------------------------ ---------------- -----------------
1998                                       65               35
1999                                       60               40
2000                                       50               50
2001                                       50               50
2002                                       45               55
2003                                       40               60
2004 - 2007                                35               65

The president of Foamex Asia is former employee of the Company to whom the
Company was paying retirement benefits until March of 2003. The Company was
previously involved in litigation with the former employee in regards to these
payments.

Revenues as reported relating to the Singapore manufacturing agreement were
$729,551, $4,394,000 and $11,739,000 for each of the three years ended November
30, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Under the amended agreement, only the
Company's shares of the profit are reported as revenue. The profits distributed
to the Company pursuant to the Singapore manufacturing agreement were $729,551,
$560,000 and $479,000 for each of the three years ended November 30, 2004, 2003
and 2002, respectively.

On or about December 14, 2004, the Company received a letter from the Inland
Revenue Authority of Singapore ("IRAS") stating that the IRAS believed that
through its relationship with Foamtec (Singapore) Pte Ltd. ("Foamtec") the
Company had a permanent establishment in Singapore and, thus its share of
profits from its arrangement with Foamtec in Singapore was "liable to tax in
Singapore." The IRAS has not provided specific information regarding, nor can
the Company make any specific judgments or determinations as to, a variety of
matters relating to, among other things, the type of tax which the IRAS is
claiming (income tax and/or royalty/withholding tax), the amount, if any, of
credits, exemptions and/or deductions which would be appropriate with respect to
any such tax calculation, the method by which any tax would be calculated, the
amount of any tax and whether would be due from the Company or Foamtec. Without
specific information from IRAS relative to, among whether a tax is due, and if
so, the amount of such tax. Moreover, without any specific information from IRAS
regarding the nature of the IRAS allegations and the answers to, among other
things, the issues referred to above, the Company is not in a position to
determines whether a tax is due and what period, if any, the tax would relate
to.

The Company disagrees with the claims by the IRAS that a tax is due and intends
to aggressively contest the matter should the IRAS make a specific claim for a
tax. Based upon the foregoing, and the fact that a final resolution of any
proposed tax is uncertain and would, in the Company's belief involve unsettled
areas of the law, based upon currently available information, the Company is
unable to provide an estimate or a range of estimates as to the probable tax
liability for this matter. An unfavorable resolution, depending upon the amount
of tax claimed by IRAS, could have a material effect on the Company's result of
operations or cash flows in the periods in which an adjustment is recorded or
the tax is due or paid.

COST OF SALES in fiscal 2004 decreased to $6,182,346 from $13,142,000 in fiscal
2003 and $25,071,000 in fiscal 2002. Cost of sales as a percentage of net sales
was 77.7% in fiscal 2004 compared to 90.8% and 94.3% in fiscal 2003 and fiscal
2002, respectively. The Company's gross profit percentage was 22.3% in fiscal
2004, compared to 9.2% in fiscal 2003 and 5.7% in fiscal 2002. The increase in
gross profit percentage during fiscal 2004 was primarily due to the Company's
discontinuing of certain low margin sales, and lower labor and overhead costs
due to the optimizing of manufacturing process. The Company continues to assess
ways to reduce its manufacturing and overhead cost however, the Company is
currently operating primarily out of a single plant with one customer being
serviced out of the Dallas plant which 70% of the plant has been subleased to
another company.

SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE ("SG&A") EXPENSE was $1,562,359 in fiscal
2004 compared to $2,141,000 in fiscal 2003 and $2,233,000 in fiscal 2002. SG&A
costs decreased in fiscal 2004 compared to fiscal 2003 primarily due to
continued reductions in overhead including a 32% reduction in its number of
employees, excluding direct labor. SG&A as a percent of net sales was 19.6% in
fiscal 2004 compared to 14.8% in fiscal 2003 and 8.4% in fiscal 2002. The
increase in SG&A as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2004 and 2003 is due to
the lower net sales versus the relatively fixed nature of these expenses. The
improvement in the percentage of SG&A as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2002
was due to the reduction in fixed overhead created by the plant closures. The
Company is currently operating primarily out of a single plant and therefore,
does not expect similar expense reductions in the near future.

RESTRUCTURING (RESERVE REVERSALS) CHARGES of ($84,032), ($352,000) and $226,000
were recorded in fiscal 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively, relating to the plant
closures noted above. During 2004, $84,032 in restructuring reserve has been
reversed due to continued operations in Dallas area and cooperate-office
relocated from California to Dallas Texas at the end of June 2004 and
approximately $23,000 in lease costs were paid against the reserve. During 2003,
approximately $6,000 in severance costs and $392,000 in lease costs were charged
against the reserve. Also during fiscal 2003, the Company reversed $352,000 of
the restructuring reserve as the Company's board of directors has established a
plan which will utilize a portion of the Texas facility for additional
production in 2004. During 2002, approximately $63,000 in severance costs and
$334,000 in lease costs were charged against the reserve. The remainder of the
restructuring reserve consists of lease abandonment costs of $25,312 (net of
probable lease revenue of $255,480).

INTEREST EXPENSE in fiscal 2004 was $192,980 compared to $254,000 and $409,000
in fiscal 2003 and 2002, respectively. The decrease was due primarily to lower
loan balances and lower interest rates.

WRITE-DOWN OF GOODWILL of $387,000 was recorded in fiscal 2002. Effective
December 1, 2001, the Company adopted new accounting rules for goodwill and
certain intangible assets. Among the requirements of the new rules is that
goodwill and certain intangible assets be assessed for impairment using fair
value measurement techniques. During the fourth quarter of 2002, the Company
completed an impairment evaluation and determined that their goodwill has been
impaired and accordingly, recorded a $387,000 non-cash pretax charge for the
impairment of goodwill.

LOSS ON DISPOSAL OF FIXED ASSETS of approximately $108,000 and $159,000 in
fiscal 2004 and 2003, respectively, resulted from the Company's assessment of
the impairment and resulting write off of certain fixed assets no longer being
used by the Company due to changes in its operations.

THE COMPANY RECORDED A GAIN ON SETTLEMENT related to an instance where the
Company had previously made monthly payments aggregating approximately $8,000 to
two former employees in conjunction with a liability it had assumed in a
business combination in 1992. As of March 2003, the Company ceased making
payments to these individuals, as the Company believed it had fulfilled its
obligation. In May 2004 the Company settled the dispute for a lump-sum payment
of $250,000 which was paid prior to year-end. The remainder of the reserve was
released and included as gain on settlement of $974,000 in the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations.

INCOME TAXES were a charge of $2,400 and $24,000 in fiscal 2004 and 2003,
respectively, and a benefit of $297,000 in fiscal 2002.

NET INCOME (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS for fiscal 2004 was $714,548
compared to $(1,172,000) for fiscal 2003 and $1,172,000 in fiscal 2002. Fiscal
2004, 2003, and 2002 results included non-recurring restructuring charges
(reversals) of ($84,032), ($352,000) and $226,000, respectively. Fiscal 2004
included a non-recurring gain on settlement of $974,000. Additionally, fiscal
2002 included non-recurring costs for the write down of goodwill of $387,000 and
a benefit for a tax refund of $297,000 as noted above.

NET INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS was $0, $541,000 and $547,000 for the
fiscal years ended November 30, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. On October
31, 2003, the Company sold its wholly-owned subsidiary in Ireland, AML-Ireland.
Total consideration for the sale was approximately $3,200,000, consisting of
$2,100,000 in forgiveness of debt and $1,100,000 million in cash.

Operating results of AML-Ireland for each of the years presented are shown
separately in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.

Results of operations of AML-Ireland for the years ended November 30, 2003 and
2002:

                                                         2003          2002
                                                      -----------   -----------

Revenues                                              $ 9,153,000   $ 9,699,000

Costs and expenses:
Cost of sales                                           7,594,000     8,069,000
General and administrative                              1,385,000     1,094,000
Other                                                      11,000       (12,000)
                                                      -----------   -----------
Total costs and expenses                                8,990,000     9,151,000
                                                      -----------   -----------
Income from discontinued operations                       163,000       597,000
Gain on sale of discontinued operations                   378,000            --
                                                      -----------   -----------
Income from discontinued operations                   $   541,000   $   597,000
                                                      ===========   ===========

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The Company's operating activities provided $216,572 of cash flows in fiscal
2004 compared to $946,000 in fiscal 2003. In fiscal 2002, operating activities
used $1,590,000. The cash flows for fiscal 2004 were primarily provided by net
income of $714,548 offset by non-cash adjustments and an offset from changes in
operating assets and liabilities of approximately $143,000.

Accounts receivable decreased $125,797 and inventory decreased $226,049 as a
result of the decreased operations of the Company. Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities decreased $518,233 mainly as a result of the decreased operations of
the Company.

The Company invested $161,444, $40,000 and $274,000 in fiscal 2004, 2003 and
2002, respectively, in capital equipment. The Company has instituted a
Company-wide program to reduce non-essential capital expenditures that are not
specifically focused on revenue growth.

The Company had $55,289 of cash and cash equivalents at November 30, 2004. Cash
flows used by financing activities were $80,839 and $3,213,000 for fiscal 2004
and 2003, respectively, compared to cash provided of $631,000 in the
corresponding period of fiscal 2002. During fiscal 2004, the Company obtained
$324,970 through the issuance of debt and borrowings on its line-of-credit and
$755,613 through the issuance of common stock. These proceeds were offset by
debt payments of $911,422 and payments related to the settlement of litigation
of $250,000.

In October 2003, the Company entered into a new line of credit agreement with a
financial institution, which provides for borrowings up to $3,750,000, as
defined. The line expires in October 2005 and bears interest at prime plus 1.5%
(9.25% at November 30, 2004). The line of credit is secured by substantially all
of the assets of the Company. The line of credit agreement requires the Company
to maintain certain financial covenants including the maintenance of debt
service and tangible net worth ratios. At November 30, 2004, the Company was not
in compliance with these ratios and therefore is in technical default under the
compliance provisions of its bank line of credit and term loan.

Effective March 1, 2004, the lender increased the rate of interest on the
Company's line of credit and term loan to prime plus 3%, which is the default
rate specified in the loan agreement. As noted above, the Company subsequently
renegotiated this debt.

At November 30, 2004 there are no additional borrowings available under this
line-of-credit. In October 2003, the Company obtained a term loan in the amount
of $368,000. The term loan had an outstanding balance of $255,500 as of November
30, 2004 and amortizes straight line over 60 months with a balloon payment due
in October 2005. It bears interest at prime plus 2.0% (6.75% at November 30,
2004) and is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company. The loan
is payable to the same lender as the Company's line of credit, for which the
Company was in technical default under the compliance provisions at November 30,
2004.

In September of 2005, the Company renegotiated the terms of these debt
instruments, reducing the line of credit from $3.75 million to $1.5 million and
extending the term of the term loan through October 1, 2006 with monthly
principal payments of $7,500 and the remainder due on October 1, 2006. Under the
new agreement, the line of credit and term loan bear interest at Prime plus 1.5%
and Prime plus 2.0%, respectively. As a result of the new agreement, the Company
was able to cure its debt covenant violations.

On April 22, 2004, the Company's President and CEO and the Company's Chairman of
the Board each loaned $150,000 to the Company pursuant to certain promissory
notes. The notes are payable on July 21, 2004 and bear interest at 10%. Upon
certain events of default, including the nonpayment of principal, the interest
rate increases to a default rate of 12%. The Company is continuing to pay down
these notes and as a result of the default they are included in current
liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

In conjunction with the promissory notes, the Company issued warrants to
purchase an aggregate of 100,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an
exercise price of $0.363 per share. The warrants are exercisable at any time and
expire on May 13, 2008. Upon certain events of default, including the nonpayment
of principal, the Company shall issue warrants to purchase an additional 100,000
shares of the Company's common stock with the same terms. As a result of the
default on this debt, the Company issued an additional 100,000 warrants for a
total of 200,000 which were valued at approximately $79,000 and were recorded as
interest expense for the year ended November 31, 2004.

In January 2004, the Company sold 1,219,515 shares of its common stock in a
private equity placement for $500,000. Proceeds from the sale were used to pay
off existing vendors and for general working capital purposes. The Company may
decide to sell additional equity securities or increase its borrowings in order
to increase its expenditures for selling and marketing expenses, to fund
increased product development, or for other purposes.

In June 2004, the Company sold 595,239 shares to Delk Partners, Ltd., Plus 4,
and the Lenawee Trust in exchange for an aggregate of $250,000 cash. Robert Delk
is the general partner of Delk Partners, Ltd. and was a director and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company; Timothy Busch is a beneficiary of the Lenawee
Trust and a director of the Company; and Richard H. Pickup is a partner of Plus
4 and a member of a group beneficially owning more than 10% of the outstanding
shares of common stock of the Company. The proceeds were used to pay the
settlement of deferred compensation as discussed above.

BUSINESS OUTLOOK

This Business Outlook section contains a number of forward-looking statements,
all of which are based on current expectations. Actual results may differ
materially.

The Company currently has orders from OEMs and believes that its sales will
increase in fiscal 2005. The Company expects gross profit and operating profit
margins to improve in fiscal 2005. The Company has recently begun to shift its
primary focus to generating its own proprietary opportunities with both its
existing customer base as well as new prospects in order to build a more
competitive base of business in the United States. There is an inherent risk
that this change in focus may not be successful. Management does not expect
significant sales from the new opportunities in the next 6 to 12 months. The
Company expects to incur increased product development and selling expenses
pertaining to new products.

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS

The Company has contractual obligations and commitments primarily with regards
to payment of debts and lease arrangements. See Notes 5, 6, 7, 9, and 10 in the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further description.

The following table aggregates the Company's expected contractual obligations
and commitments subsequent to November 30, 2004.

<TABLE>
<S>       <C>
                                                                PAYMENTS DUE BY PERIOD
                                            --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                   BEYOND
CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS                        2005      2006-2007    2008-2009      2009           TOTAL
------------------------------------        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Line of credit                              $  685,970                                          $  685,970
Current debt (including debentures)             90,000   $  165,500                                255,500
Capital lease commitments (1)                   47,000       20,000   $    7,000                    74,000
Operating lease commitments                    626,000      715,200      715,200      357,600    2,414,000
Notes payable - related parties                200,000                                             200,000
Employee contracts                              60,000                                              60,000
                                            ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Total contractual cash obligations          $1,708,970   $  900,700   $  722,200   $  357,600   $3,689,470
                                            ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========
</TABLE>

(1) Includes amounts classified as interest.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued SFAS
123 (revised 2004), "Share-Based Payment" (SFAS 123R). SFAS 123R requires
measurement of all employee stock-based compensation awards using a fair-value
method and the recording of such expense in the consolidated financial
statements. In addition, the adoption of SFAS 123R will require additional
accounting related to the income tax effects and disclosure regarding the cash
flow effects resulting from share-based payment arrangements. In January 2005,
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 107, which provides supplemental implementation guidance for SFAS
123R. SFAS 123R is effective for our first quarter of fiscal 2006. We have
selected the Black-Scholes option-pricing model as the most appropriate
fair-value method for our awards and will recognize compensation cost on a
straight-line basis over our awards' vesting periods. The adoption of SFAS 123R
did not have a material impact on our results of operations. However,
uncertainties, including our future stock-based compensation strategy, stock
price volatility, estimated forfeitures and employee stock option exercise
behavior, make it difficult to determine whether the stock-based compensation
expense that we will incur in future periods will be similar to the SFAS 123 pro
forma expense disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statements.

In November 2004, the FASB issued SFAS 151, "Inventory Costs." SFAS 151 requires
that the allocation of fixed production overhead costs be based on the normal
capacity of the production facilities and unallocated overhead costs recognized
as an expense in the period incurred. In addition, other items such as abnormal
freight, handling costs and wasted materials require treatment as current period
charges rather than a portion of the inventory cost. SFAS 151 is effective for
inventory costs incurred during periods beginning after June 15, 2005. We do not
expect the adoption of SFAS 151 to have a material impact on our results of
operations or financial condition.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK

A portion of the Company's operations consists of sales in foreign
jurisdictions. The Company manufactures its products in the United States and
sells the products in the United States and in foreign countries. As a result,
the Company's financial results could be affected by factors such as changes in
foreign currency exchange rates or weak economic conditions in the foreign
markets in which the Company distributes its products. All of the Company's
sales are denominated in United States dollars.

The Company's interest expense is most sensitive to changes in interest rates
relating primarily to the Company's current and future debt obligations. The
Company is vulnerable, however, to significant fluctuations of interest rates on
its floating rate debt.

The following table provides information about the Company's debt obligations
that are sensitive to changes in interest rates (dollars in thousands):

                                                                      FAIR VALUE
                                                2004        TOTAL      11/30/04
                                              ---------   ---------   ---------
Line of credit                                $ 685        $ 685         $ 685
Avg. interest rate                            P+1.50        (1)
Term loan                                     $ 361        $ 361         $ 361
Avg. interest rate                            P+2.00        (1)

(1) Currently under default rate of prime plus 3 percent.

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA

The Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants and the Consolidated
Financial Statements listed in the "Index to Financial Statements" are filed as
part of this report.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

In connection with BDO Seidman, LLP's audit for the year ended November 30,
2003, BDO Seidman identified material weaknesses in the Company's internal
controls as of that fiscal year end. The deficiencies noted were (a) the lack of
technical competence of the accounting staff, (b) the lack of segregation of
duties, (c) the lack of adequate account analysis and reconciliations, which
resulted in inaccuracies in the Company's records, (d) insufficient supervision
and oversight of the Company's accounting personnel, (e) inability to timely and
accurately close the books, (f) operating without a full-time CFO and (g) the
improper or lack of accounting for and/or failure to identify transactions. The
Company believes such deficiencies were primarily attributable to changes in
personnel within the accounting department combined with a lack of management
oversight. The Company has been operating without a full-time CFO and was forced
to reduce its accounting staff during fiscal 2003 due to financial constraints.
Additionally, key accounting personnel resigned during the year leaving the
Company with inexperienced staff. Management's primary focus during the later
part of fiscal year 2003 was on the reorganization of the Company, including
restructuring its joint venture in Singapore, obtaining new bank financing and
selling its subsidiary in Ireland. With these critical tasks behind them,
management has renewed their focus on internal controls. Management is currently
pursuing the hiring of additional and more experienced accounting staff and a
full-time CFO. Additionally, they are establishing procedures for the timely
reconciliation of all accounts and manager's review of account reconciliations.
As of June 2004 a new CFO and accounting staff has been added and a control
policy has been implemented to ensure that duties of the accounting staff have
been segregated to provide adequate financial controls. In addition monthly
reporting to the board of directors concerning the financial condition of the
company has been implemented.

Management has performed additional reconciliation procedures which are designed
to ensure that these internal control deficiencies do not lead to future
material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements, and to permit
the Company's auditors to complete their audits of the Company's consolidated
financial statements, notwithstanding the presence of the internal control
weaknesses noted above.

Based on the investigation by the Company's audit committee and additional
procedures performed by management, the Company has concluded that the Company's
current disclosure controls and procedures are sufficient to timely alert them
to material information relating to the Company that is required to be included
in our periodic Securities and Exchange Committee filings, and that the internal
controls are sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that the financial
statements are fairly presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.

Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934) as of the year ended November 30, 2004, the period covered
by the Annual Report on Form 10K. Based upon that evaluation, our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the
disclosure controls and procedures provide reasonable assurance that material
information relating to us is made known to management including the CEO and
CFO.
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during our last fiscal quarter of 2004 that have materially affected,
or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting


PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Directors are elected annually and hold office until the next annual meeting of
shareholders or until their respective successors are duly elected and
qualified. Officers are appointed by, and serve at the discretion of the
Company's Board of Directors, subject to the terms of any applicable employment
agreements. The directors and executive officers of the Company are as follows:

DIRECTORS

     TIMOTHY R. BUSCH, 51, has been the Chairman and a director of the Company
since February 1998 and September 1997, respectively. Mr. Busch is a tax
attorney and is president and managing partner of a professional services
practice, The Busch Firm, which he founded in 1979. He is a director of Radica
Games International, a publicly held company, and is a director of several
privately held companies. Mr. Busch is a licensed attorney in California,
Michigan, Texas and Washington, D.C. and is a non-practicing/inactive status as
a CPA in California and Michigan.

     N. PRICE PASCHALL, 57, has been a director of the Company since January
1994. Mr. Paschall has been Managing Director of Context Capital Group, an
investment-banking firm that serves clients in the medical and industrial
markets, since February 1992. Mr. Paschall was a partner of Shea, Paschall,
Powell-Hambros Bank, and its predecessor company, a firm specializing in mergers
and acquisitions, from January 1983 to January 1992. Mr. Paschall holds a B.A.
in Business Administration from California Polytechnic University at Pomona. He
currently serves on the Board of Directors of CPU Tech a private technology
company located in Pleasanton, CA.

     MAURICE J. DEWALD, 65, has been a director of the Company since February
1998. From June 1992 to the present, Mr. DeWald has been Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Verity Financial Group, Inc., a private investment and
financial advisory firm. Mr. DeWald is a former member of the KPMG Peat Marwick
Board of Directors and also served as the Managing Partner of the Los Angeles
office of KPMG Peat Marwick from 1986 to 1991. He currently serves on the Boards
of Directors of Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank of California, Monarch Funds, a
publicly-held investment fund, and Quality Systems, Inc., a publicly-held
developer and marketer of healthcare information systems.

     RICARDO G. BRUTOCAO, 61, was appointed the position of Chief Executive
Officer to fill the Company's previously announced vacancy at that position on
January 2, 2006. Mr. Brutocao, who already serves as a director of the Company,
will serve in this capacity on a part-time basis. Mr. Brutocao also serves as
the President and a director of Centergistic Solutions, Inc., a maker of
performance management software, positions Mr. Brutocao has held since 2001.
From 2000 to 2001, Mr. Brutocao was the interim Chief Executive Officer of
ZLand, Inc., a software company.

     JOHN SAWYER, 61, was elected as a director on March 6, 2006. Mr. Sawyer is
Chairman and President of Penhall Company. He joined Penhall Company in 1978 as
the Estimating Manager of the Anaheim Division. In 1980, Mr. Sawyer was
appointed Manager of Penhall's National Contracting Division, and in 1984, he
assumed the position of Vice President and became responsible for managing all
construction services divisions. Mr. Sawyer has been President of Penhall since
1989, and Chairman since 1998. Mr. Sawyer is also a director and member of the
audit committee for H&E Equipment Services.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

     WILLIAM G. MORTENSEN, 40, was appointed President and retained the Chief
Financial Officer position on August 22, 2005 and previously held the position
of Chief Financial Officer and Controller as of June 1, 2004. Mr. Mortensen was
employed by Cingular Wireless LLC as Associate Director in Finance, and before
the Cingular joint venture he was with SBC, Inc. as a manager of SBC Services
supporting the SBC Wireless division since 1999. Before joining SBC, Inc. Mr.
Mortensen worked for Frito-Lay, Inc. as a manager of finance and for over eight
years with EDS, Inc. holding various financial positions. Mr. Mortensen holds a
BBA degree in Business Administration from Abilene Christian University and has
experience in the telecommunications, high-tech and manufacturing industries.

     MICHAEL BOWEN, 48, was appointed Executive Vice-President on August 22,
2005. Mr. Bowen began his career at Advanced Materials as Vice President of
Sales and Marketing in 2003. Mr. Bowen's former positions include: Director of
New Product Development for Tecnol Medical Products, Inc, Research Fellow with
Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Director of Sales for PGI Non-wovens, and Vice
President of Branded Products at Struckmeyer Corporation. Mr. Bowen attended the
University of Texas at Arlington and Tarrant County College. He is experienced
in the design and marketing of disposable medical and consumer products, for
which he has been granted many patents.

COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires the
officers and directors of the Company as well as persons who own more than 10%
of a registered class of the Company's equity securities, to file reports of
ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Officers, directors and grater-than-10% shareholders are required by the
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission to furnish the company
with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file.

To the Company's knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such
reports furnished to the Company, all Section 16(a) requirements applicable to
our officers, directors and grater-than-10% shareholders were satisfied during
the fiscal year ended November 30, 2004.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

The following table sets forth certain information regarding compensation paid
by the Company for services rendered to the Company by its current and former
Chief Executive Officers and to each of the other most highly compensated
executive officers of the Company who earned more than $100,000 in salary and
bonus during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2004 (the "Named Executive
Officers").

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE
<TABLE>
<S>       <C>
                                                                                                      LONG-TERM
                                                                                                    COMPENSATION
NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITION                              ANNUAL COMPENSATION                           AWARDS
                                                                                   OTHER             SECURITIES
                                                                             -----------------  ---------------------
                                       FISCAL                                     ANNUAL             UNDERLYING
                                         YEAR      SALARY(1)       BONUS      COMPENSATION(2)    OPTIONS GRANTED(3)
                                         ----      ---------       -----      ---------------    ------------------
Robert E. Delk, President, Chief         2004       $125,000            --                --                 --
   Executive Officer and                 2003             --            --            $3,396             10,000
   Secretary(4)                          2002             --            --                --          1,750,000

Steve F. Scott(4)                        2004             --            --                --                 --
   Former President and Former Chief     2003       $183,206            --           $12,964             10,000
   Executive Officer                     2002       $187,144            --           $17,980             10,000
David Lasnier(4)                         2004             --            --                --                 --
   Former Senior Vice President          2003       $131,750            --           $12,421                 --
                                         2002       $131,750            --           $12,421                 --
Tom Lane(4)                              2004             --            --                --                 --
   Former Chief Executive, Europe        2003       $155,475            --           $14,524                 --
                                         2002       $155,475       $28,947           $14,524                 --
</TABLE>

(1)  Mr. Delk's agreement was for him to begin receiving $125,000 annually
     beginning in August 2004. Mr. Scott and Mr. Lasnier accepted voluntary
     salary reductions of 25% and 15%, respectively, in October 2001 to help
     facilitate the operations of the Company.

(2)  For Mr. Delk, represents health insurance reimbursement for fiscal 2004.
     For Mr. Scott, includes automobile allowances of $7,165 for fiscal 2003 and
     $10,350 for fiscal 2002, and medical insurance of $5,799 and $7,630 for
     fiscal 2003 and fiscal 2002 respectively. For Mr. Lasnier, includes
     automobile allowances of $8,401 for each of fiscal 2003 and fiscal 2002 and
     medical insurance of $4,020 and $4,020 for fiscal 2003 and fiscal 2002,
     respectively. For Mr. Lane, includes pension contributions of $14,524 and
     $14,524 for fiscal 2003 and fiscal 2002, respectively.

(3)  Includes options to purchase up to 10,000 shares of common stock and 10,000
     shares of common stock, respectively, granted to Mr. Delk and Mr. Busch in
     connection with their service on the Company's Board of Directors.

(4)  Mr. Delk was appointed as the Company's President, Chief Executive Officer
     and Secretary in August 2003. Mr. Scott's employment terminated in August
     2003. Mr. Lasnier's employment terminated in January 2003. Mr. Lane's
     employment terminated in November 2003.

OPTION GRANTS IN 2004

Mr. Delk was granted 10,000 stock options in January 2004 at fair market value.

AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR AND FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION
VALUES

     The following table sets forth certain information regarding the exercise
of options by the Named Executive Officers during fiscal 2004 and unexercised
stock options held by the Named Executive Officers as of November 30, 2004.
Options held by Mr. Scott, Mr. Lasnier and Mr. Lane terminated upon termination
of their employment prior to November 30, 2003.

<TABLE>
<S>       <C>
                                                               NUMBER OF SHARES
                                                                  UNDERLYING                VALUE OF UNEXERCISED
                                                             UNEXERCISED OPTIONS AT         IN-THE-MONEY OPTIONS
                                  SHARES                       NOVEMBER 30, 2004          AT NOVEMBER 30, 2004(2)
                                 ACQUIRED      VALUE      ---------------------------   ---------------------------
            NAME               ON EXERCISE   REALIZED(1)  EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE   EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE
--------------------------     -----------   -----------  -----------   -------------   -----------   -------------
Robert E. Delk.............             --            --     696,000      1,000,000         $0              $0
</TABLE>

(1)  Market value of underlying securities on the date of exercise, minus the
     exercise price.

(2)  Based on the last reported sale price ($0.22 per share) on the Pink Sheets
     on April 21, 2006 (the Date of Record).

EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT, TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND CHANGE-IN-CONTROL
ARRANGEMENTS

     In August 2003, the Company entered into an employment agreement with its
newly appointed President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, Robert E.
Delk. The agreement is to be effective through July 31, 2005, subject to renewal
for automatic successive additional one-year periods if neither the Company nor
Mr. Delk provides written notice of termination at least 30 days prior to the
end of the then current term. In lieu of salary during the first year of the
term of the employment agreement, Mr. Delk received common stock purchase
options described in the "Option Grants in 2004" above and also received
reimbursement of approximately $8,300 for health insurance premiums.

      In fiscal 2003, compensation expense of $42,000 pertaining to the
employment agreement was recorded as an adjustment to paid in capital. In 2003,
the Company issued stock options under the 2003 Plan to Robert Delk, its
President and CEO, to purchase (1) 435,000 shares of the Company's common stock
at $0.28, vesting over one year, (2) 435,000 shares of the Company's common
stock at $0.56, vesting over five years, (3) 435,000 shares of the Company's
common stock at $1.12, vesting over five years, and (4) 435,000 shares of the
Company's common stock at $2.24, vesting over five years. Mr. Delk accepted the
position of President and CEO of the Company in August 2003 and under the terms
of his employment agreement he receives no cash compensation until August 2004.
This is recorded as non-cash compensation in selling, general and administrative
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The options
are subject to continued employment and expire in August 2008. No compensation
expense was recorded in connection with the issuance of these options as they
were issued at or above the fair market value of the underlying stock at the
date of grant.

     The employment agreement with Mr. Delk provides for a base salary of at
least $125,000 per year beginning in August 2004. The Company and Mr. Delk are
in the process of negotiating a replacement employment agreement. Accordingly,
effective as of August 1, 2004, the Company began booking an accrued payroll
liability for the $125,000 annual salary. The Company intends to pay this
liability to Mr. Delk in a lump sum if negotiations are successfully completed.
The Company also continues to reimburse Mr. Delk for health insurance premiums.

     On June 24, 2005, Robert E. Delk, who has served as a member of the board
of directors ("Board") of Advanced Materials Group, Inc. ("ADMG") and as the
President and Chief Executive Officer of ADMG since August 1, 2003, resigned
from his position on the board of directors. Pursuant to the letter dated June
24, 2005 addressed to the Chairman of the Board of ADMG in which Mr. Delk
advised the board of directors of his resignation as a director, Mr. Delk also
gave written notice of termination of his employment with ADMG effective July
31, 2005 upon the expiration of his Employment Agreement dated August 1, 2003
with ADMG.

     On August 22, 2005, Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (OTC: ADMG.PK) ("ADMG")
entered into Employment Agreements with William G. Mortensen ("Mortensen") and
Michael Bowen ("Bowen"). Pursuant to these Employment Agreements, Mortensen will
serve as President and Chief Financial Officer of ADMG and Bowen will serve as
Executive Vice President of ADMG. The terms of employment are at will; however,
if either is terminated without cause (as defined in the Employment Agreements),
they receive severance pay equal to six months' base salary if the termination
occurs within the first year of the term, and equal to three months' base salary
if the termination occurs thereafter. Mortensen's base annual salary is set at
$120,000 and Bowen's base annual salary is set at $135,000. Mortensen and Bowen
are each entitled to bonuses calculated by formulas based upon ADMG's income
from continuing operations before taxes. Bowen also received a grant of an
incentive stock option to purchase up to 200,000 shares of ADMG's common stock
for $0.20 per share. The option vests 20% per year for five years, beginning one
year from the date of the grant. If Bowen's employment with ADMG terminates for
any reason other than for cause or his voluntary resignation, the option does
not terminate and vesting continues.

     On January 2, 2006, the board of directors of the Company elected Ricardo
G. Brutocao as Chief Executive Officer to fill the Company's previously
announced vacancy at that position. Mr. Brutocao, who already serves as a
director of the Company, will serve in this capacity on a part-time basis.


DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

Each of the Company's directors is entitled to receive $10,000 annually and
reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses in connection with his attendance at
each meeting of the Board of Directors or committee of the Board of Directors.
In addition, each director is entitled to receive non-qualified stock options,
pursuant to the Company's 2003 Stock Option Plan, to purchase 20,000 shares of
the Company's common stock at fair market value when first elected to the Board
of Directors, and 10,000 shares of common stock at fair market value each
January subsequent to their reelection to the Board of Directors. The options
become fully vested six months after their issuance. The chairman of the AMG
Audit Committee receives an additional $2,000 annually. All director fees are
paid on a quarterly basis. Mr. Brutocao does not receive director compensation
as he is paid a salary of $125,000 plus expenses for his role as part-time CEO.
Currently, no options are being issued until the company is current in its
periodic filings. At that time, these options will be issued with an exercise
price of the fair market value of the underlying common stock on the date of the
grant.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the common stock
beneficially owned as of April 21, 2006 by:

     o    each person who is known by the Company to own beneficially or
          exercise voting or dispositive control over 5% or more of the common
          stock;

     o    each of the Company's directors and director nominees;

     o    each of the Company's current Named Executive Officers; and

     o    all current executive officers and directors as a group.

There were 12,116,000 shares of the Company's common stock outstanding as of the
close of business on April 21, 2006, the record date.

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 promulgated by
the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and
generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Except
as indicated below, the Company believes each holder possesses sole voting and
investment power with respect to all of the shares of voting stock owned by that
holder, subject to community property laws where applicable. In computing the
number of shares beneficially owned by a holder and the percentage ownership of
that holder, shares of common stock subject to options or warrants held by that
holder that are currently exercisable or are exercisable within 60 days after
the date of the table are deemed outstanding. Those shares, however, are not
deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any
other person or group.

The inclusion of shares in this table as beneficially owned is not an admission
of beneficial ownership. Except as indicated below, the address for each named
beneficial owner is the same as the Company's. Ownership of less than 1.00% is
indicated with an asterisk.

<TABLE>
<S>       <C>
                                                            AMOUNT AND NATURE OF          PERCENTAGE OF
NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER (1)                    BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP       OUTSTANDING SHARES(2)
----------------------------------------                    --------------------       ---------------------
Dito Caree LP, Dito Devcar LP, Plus 4 LLC and
  Richard H. Pickup                                             2,575,367(2)                 21.26%
Gregory J. Spagna                                                 904,500(3)                  7.46%
Delk Partners Ltd., Robert E. Delk and
  Ann Struckmeyer Delk                                          1,519,218(4)                 12.54%
Timothy R. Busch and the Lenawee Trust                          2,280,180(5)                 18.81%
N. Price Paschall                                                 270,000(6)                  2.23%
Maurice J. DeWald                                                  50,000(7)                    *
William G. Mortensen                                               20,000(7)                    *
Michael Bowen                                                      40,000(7)                    *
Ricardo G. Brutocao                                               140,000(8)
All current executive officers and directors
  as a group (7 persons) (1)                                    2,800,180(1)               23.1%
</TABLE>

(1)  Mr. Brutocao, Mr. Busch, Mr. Paschall and Mr. DeWald are directors of the
     Company. Mr. Bowen and Mr. Mortensen are executive officers of the Company.

(2)  Represents 986,300 shares held by Dito Caree LP, 200,000 shares held by
     Dito Devcar LP and 1,389,067 shares held by Plus 4 LLC. Mr. Pickup holds
     voting and dispositive power over these shares as general partner of each
     of three two entities. Mr. Pickup's address is c/o David Hehn, 3753 Howard
     Hughes Parkway #200, Las Vegas, Nevada 89109-0938.

(3)  Represents 617,000 shares held by Mr. Spagna and 287,500 shares held
     jointly by Mr. Spagna and his spouse and children, as reported on a
     Schedule 13D/A filed with the Commission on February 5, 2003. Mr. Spagna's
     address is 515 Airport Executive Park, Nanuet, New York 10954.

(4)  Represents 1,419,218 shares held by Delk Partners Ltd., 100,000 shares
     underlying warrants held by Delk. Voting and dispositive power over the
     shares held by Delk Partners Ltd. is shared by Mr. Delk and Ann Struckmeyer
     Delk as partners of Delk Partners Ltd. Delk Companies address is 4040
     Grassmere Lane, Dallas, Texas 75205.

(5)  Represents 1,505,180 shares held by the Lenawee Trust, of which Mr. Busch
     and his spouse are beneficiaries and hold voting and dispositive power,
     100,000 shares underlying warrants held by Mr. Busch, and 50,000 shares
     underlying options held by Mr. Busch.

(6)  Represents 10,000 shares outstanding and 260,000 shares underlying options.

(7)  Represents shares underlying options.

(8)  Effective August 22, 2005, ADMG also granted a non-qualified stock option
     to Ricardo Brutocao ("Brutocao") to purchase up to 100,000 shares of ADMG's
     common stock for $0.20 per share. The option vests 20% immediately, and the
     remaining 80% in four 20% increments on each anniversary date of the grant.
     If Brutocao ceases, for any reason, to provide consulting services to ADMG,
     vesting ceases and the option expires 90 days thereafter. Mr. Brutocao also
     engaged in a private transaction to purchase 100,000 shares of AMG stock
     from the Lenawee Trust.


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

On April 22, 2004, each of Mr. Busch and Mr. Delk loaned the Company $150,000 in
exchange for the issuance of unsecured promissory notes bearing interest at the
rate of 10.0% per annum and warrants to purchase up to 50,000 shares of the
Company's common stock at an exercise price of $0.363 per share. Interest and
principal on the notes were due July 21, 2004 but were not paid timely. As a
result, the interest rate of the notes increased to the default rate of 12.0%
per annum on July 22, 2004, and in October 2004, the Company paid to each of Mr.
Busch and Mr. Delk $50,000 of principal plus interest accrued through July 21,
2004 on the entire principal balances of their notes and issued as a penalty to
each of Mr. Busch and Mr. Delk an additional warrant to purchase up to 50,000
shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of $0.363 per share.
Each of the warrants issued to Mr. Busch and Mr. Delk expires May 13, 2008.

On June 7, 2004, the Company issued a total of 595,239 shares to Delk Partners,
Ltd., Plus 4 LLC, and the Lenawee Trust in exchange for an aggregate of $250,000
cash. Mr. Delk is the general partner of Delk Partners, Ltd. and is a director
and executive officer of the Company. Mr. Busch is a beneficiary of the Lenawee
Trust and a director of the Company. Richard H. Pickup is a partner of Plus 4
LLC and a member of a group beneficially owning more than 10% of the outstanding
shares of the Company's common stock. The sale of shares was effected to cover a
$250,000 settlement paid to Wilshire Technologies, LLC in connection with the
settlement of a lawsuit between the Company, two of its former employees, and
Wilshire Technologies, LLC. Each of Delk Partners, Ltd., Plus 4 LLC, and the
Lenawee Trust contributed $83,333.33 to the Company and received 198,413 shares
of the Company's common stock. The number of shares issued was based upon the
common stock price of $0.42 per share, which was the closing sale price in the
Pink Sheets as of May 28, 2004, the day the settlement was negotiated. The sale
of shares was approved by all of the members of the Company's Board of
Directors.

On August 26, 2005, ADMG issued to each of the Lenawee Trust and Plus Four
Private Equities, L.P. 625,000 shares of ADMG's common stock for $0.20 per share
($125,000 each). The Lenawee Trust is an affiliate of Timothy R. Busch, the
Chairman of ADMG's Board of Directors.

Effective August 29, 2005, ADMG entered into a Separation and Release Agreement
("Separation Agreement") with Robert Delk ("Delk"), Delk Holdings, Inc. ("Delk
Holdings") and Delk Partners, Ltd. ("DELK Partners"). Pursuant to the Separation
Agreement, ADMG paid to Delk certain past due compensation, repaying amounts
loaned to ADMG by Delk, and reimbursing him for certain expenses related to
intellectual property being transferred by Delk Holdings to ADMG as described
below. Delk, Delk Holdings and Delk Partners have agreed not to compete with
ADMG, solicit employees, consultants or customers of ADMG, or disclose any
confidential information of ADMG for a period of one year. The parties have
agreed to release each other from all claims, whether known or unknown, other
than those arising under the Separation Agreement.

The Company is or has been a party to employment, consulting and compensation
arrangements with related parties, as more particularly described above under
the headings "Employment Contracts and Termination of Employment and
Change-in-Control Arrangements" and "Compensation of Directors."

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICE

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the
information under the captions "Election of Directors" and "Other Matters"
contained in the Company's 2004 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement to be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)(1) Financial Statements, included in Part II of this report:

         Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

         Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended November 30,
         2004, 2003 and 2002

         Consolidated Balance Sheets for the years ended November 30, 2004 and
         2003

         Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the years
         ended November 30, 2004, 2003 and 2002

         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended November 30,
         2004, 2003 and 2002

         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


(a)(2) Index to Exhibits:

         See Index to Exhibits included herein.

(b) Index to Exhibits. See Index to Exhibits included herein.



<PAGE>


FEI-FEI CATHERINE FANG, CPA
================================================================================
6300 Stonewood Dr. Ste 308, Plano, TX 75024
                                         TEL: (972) 769-8588 FAX: (972) 769-0788

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and
Stockholders of
Advanced Materials Group, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Advanced
Materials Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of November 30,
2004, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders'
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year ended November 30, 2004. These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes consideration of
internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Advanced Materials
Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as of November 30, 2004 and the results of
their operation and their cash flows the year ended November 30, 2004 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has sustained
significant operating losses prior to 2004, has had a significant decline in
sales. The Company is also in technical default under the compliance provisions
of its line of credit and term loan. These matters, among others raise
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of these uncertainties.


/s/ Fei-Fei Catherine Fang, LLP, CPA

Dallas, Texas
May 9, 2006


                                      F-1


<PAGE>



             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Board of Directors
Advanced Materials Group, Inc.
Rancho Dominguez, California

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Advanced
Materials Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of November 30,
2003, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders'
equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended November 30, 2003. These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over
financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
Advanced Materials Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as of November 30, 2003,
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended November 30, 2003, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the
consolidated financial statements, the Company has sustained significant
operating losses in 2003 and 2002, has had a significant decline in sales, and
has working capital and stockholders' deficits as of November 30, 2003. The
Company was also in technical default under the compliance provisions of its
line of credit and term loan. These matters, among others, raise substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of these uncertainties.

                                                   /s/ BDO Seidman, LLP
                                                   --------------------------
                                                   BDO SEIDMAN, LLP

Costa Mesa, California
February 25, 2004

                                      F-2


<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>       <C>

                                       ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
                                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30,                                           2004            2003            2002
----------------------------------------------------------     ------------    ------------    ------------

Net sales                                                      $  7,957,737    $ 14,475,000    $ 26,588,000
Cost of sales (including depreciation of $225,295,
  $295,000 and $324,000 for the years ended
  November 30, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively)                 6,182,346       3,142,000      25,071,000
                                                               ------------    ------------    ------------

Gross profit                                                      1,775,391       1,333,000       1,517,000
                                                               ------------    ------------    ------------

Operating expenses:
Selling, general and administrative                               1,562,359       2,141,000       2,233,000
Restructuring charges                                               (84,032)       (352,000)        226,000
Write-down of goodwill                                                   --              --         387,000
Depreciation and amortization                                       189,016         210,000         213,000
                                                               ------------    ------------    ------------

Total operating expenses                                          1,667,343       1,999,000       3,059,000
                                                               ------------    ------------    ------------

Income (loss) from operations                                       108,048        (666,000)     (1,542,000)
                                                               ------------    ------------    ------------

Other (expense) income:
Interest expense                                                   (192,980)       (254,000)       (409,000)
Gain on settlement                                                  974,000              --              --
(Loss) gain on disposal of fixed assets                            (108,232)       (159,000)         13,000
Other, net                                                          (63,888)        (69,000)       (108,000)
                                                               ------------    ------------    ------------

Total other income (expense), net                                   608,900        (482,000)       (504,000)

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes        716,948      (1,148,000)     (2,046,000)
Income tax benefit (expense)                                         (2,400)        (24,000)        297,000
                                                               ------------    ------------    ------------

Income (loss) from continuing operations                            714,548      (1,172,000)     (1,749,000)

Discontinued operations:
Income from discontinued operations                                      --         163,000         547,000
Gain on sale of discontinued operations                                  --         378,000              --
                                                               ------------    ------------    ------------

Net income (loss)                                              $    714,548    $   (631,000)   $ (1,202,000)
                                                               ============    ============    ============

Basic and diluted loss per common share:
Income (loss) from continuing operations                       $       0.07    $      (0.14)   $      (0.20)
Income from discontinued operations                                      --            0.02            0.06
Gain on sale of discontinued operations                                  --            0.05              --
                                                               ------------    ------------    ------------

Net income (loss) per share basic and diluted                  $       0.07    $      (0.07)   $      (0.14)
                                                               ------------    ------------    ------------

Weighted average common shares outstanding:
Basic                                                            10,033,343       8,671,272       8,671,272
Diluted                                                          10,575,052       8,671,272       8,671,272


 See accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm and notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                                    F-3


<PAGE>

                                 ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
                                   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

NOVEMBER 30,                                                            2004           2003
----------------------------------------------------------------     -----------    -----------

ASSETS

Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents                                            $    55,289    $    21,000
Restricted cash                                                               --         60,000
Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
  accounts of $0 and $54,000 as of November 30,
  2004 and 2003, respectively                                          1,193,203      1,319,000
Inventories, net of allowance for obsolescence of
  $20,217 and $81,000 as of November 30, 2004
  and 2003, respectively                                                 690,951        939,000
Prepaid expenses and other                                               162,776        161,000
                                                                     -----------    -----------

Total current assets                                                   2,102,219      2,500,000

Property and equipment, net                                              697,901      1,059,000
Other assets                                                                 668         48,000
                                                                     -----------    -----------

Total assets                                                         $ 2,800,788    $ 3,607,000
                                                                     ===========    ===========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)

Current liabilities:
Accounts payable                                                     $   582,871    $ 1,181,000
Accrued liabilities                                                      245,896        439,000
Restructuring reserve                                                     25,312         56,000
Notes payables - related parties                                         200,000             --
Line of credit                                                           685,970        609,000
Term loan - current                                                       90,000        361,000
Current portion of long-term obligations                                  45,275        360,000
Convertible debentures                                                        --        405,000
                                                                     -----------    -----------

Total current liabilities                                              1,875,324      3,411,000

Restructuring reserve                                                         --         76,000
Retirement benefit to former employees, net of current
  portion of $0 and $273,000 and of discount of $0 and
  $2,610,000 at November 30, 2004 and 2003, respectively                      --        951,000
Capital lease obligations, net of current portion of
  $45,275 and $87,000 at  November 30, 2004 and 2003, respectively        18,803         57,000

Term loan - Long Term                                                    165,500             --
                                                                     -----------    -----------

Total liabilities                                                      2,059,627      4,495,000
                                                                     -----------    -----------

Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' deficit:
Preferred stock-$.001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized;
  no shares issued and outstanding                                            --             --
Common stock-$.001 par value; 25,000,000 shares authorized;
  10,516,026 and 8,671,272 shares issued and outstanding at
  November 30, 2004 and 2003, respectively                                10,516          9,000
Additional paid-in capital                                             8,037,097      7,124,000
Accumulated deficit                                                   (7,306,452)    (8,021,000)
                                                                     -----------    -----------

Total stockholders' equity (deficit)                                     741,161       (888,000)
                                                                     -----------    -----------

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                           $ 2,800,788    $ 3,607,000
                                                                     ===========    ===========


            See accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm
                        and notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                              F-4


<PAGE>


                                         ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)


                                                                                                     TOTAL
                                                 COMMON STOCK                                     STOCKHOLDERS'
                                          -------------------------     PAID-IN     ACCUMULATED      EQUITY
                                             SHARES       AMOUNT        CAPITAL       DEFICIT       (DEFICIT)
                                          -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------
Balances, November 30, 2001                 8,671,272   $     9,000   $ 7,083,000   $(6,188,000)   $   904,000

Net loss                                           --            --            --    (1,202,000)    (1,202,000)
                                          -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------

Balances, November 30, 2002                 8,671,272         9,000     7,083,000    (7,390,000)      (298,000)

Non-cash compensation                              --            --        41,000            --         41,000
Net income (loss)                                  --            --            --      (631,000)      (631,000)
                                          -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------

Balances, November 30, 2003                 8,671,272   $     9,000   $ 7,124,000   $(8,021,000)   $  (888,000)

Exercise of common stock options               30,000            30         6,970                       7,000
Sale of common stock                        1,814,754         1,486       747,127                     748,613
Non-cash compensation                                                      80,000                      80,000
Warrants issued in connection with debt                                    79,000                      79,000
Net income                                                                              714,548       714,548
                                          -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------

Balances, November 30, 2004                10,516,026   $    10,516   $ 8,037,097   $(7,306,452)   $   741,161
                                          ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========    ===========



                 See accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm and
                                  notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                           ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30,                                                      2004          2003           2002
----------------------------------------------------------------------    -----------    -----------    -----------
Cash flows from continuing operating activities:
Net income (loss) from continuing operations                              $   714,548    $(1,172,000)   $(1,749,000)
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash
  provided by (used) in operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization                                                 414,311        505,000        537,000
Provision for bad debt                                                              0         30,000          5,000
Provision for obsolete inventory                                               22,000        204,000        160,000
Write-off of goodwill                                                              --             --        387,000
 Restructuring reserve adjustment                                             (84,032)      (352,000)       226,000
Non-cash compensation                                                          80,000         41,000             --
Interest and other on deferred compensation                                        --         14,000         48,000
Gain on settlement                                                           (974,000)            --             --
Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets                                       108,232        159,000        (13,000)
Issuance of warrants                                                           79,000             --             --
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable                                                           125,797      3,417,000        961,000
Income taxes                                                                       --             --
Inventories                                                                   226,049      1,167,000        110,000
Prepaid expenses and other                                                     (1,776)       (25,000)       (55,000)
Other assets                                                                   47,332         10,000         17,000
Restructuring reserve                                                         (22,656)      (398,000)      (397,000)
Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities                               (518,233)    (2,557,000)    (1,669,000)
Deferred income                                                                    --        (97,000)      (158,000)
                                                                          -----------    -----------    -----------

Net cash provided by (used in) continuing operating activities                216,572        946,000     (1,590,000)
                                                                          -----------    -----------    -----------

Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchases of property and equipment                                          (161,444)       (40,000)      (274,000)
Proceeds from sale of property and equipment                                       --         13,000
                                                                          -----------    -----------    -----------

Net cash used in investing activities                                        (161,444)       (40,000)      (261,000)
                                                                          -----------    -----------    -----------

Cash flows from financing activities:
Borrowings under line of credit, net                                           76,970     (3,701,000)            --
Proceeds from issuance of debt                                                248,000        609,000        913,000
Payments on debt obligations                                                 (911,422)      (278,000)      (130,000)
Proceeds from exercise of stock option                                          6,609        361,000             --
Proceeds from sales of common stock                                           749,004       (163,000)      (120,000)
Payments on deferred compensation                                            (250,000)       (41,000)       (32,000)
                                                                          -----------    -----------    -----------

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                           (80,839)    (3,213,000)       631,000
                                                                          -----------    -----------    -----------

Net change in cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations            (25,711)    (2,307,000)    (1,220,000)

Cash provided by discontinued operations                                           --      2,231,000      1,102,000

Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, beginning of year        81,000        157,000        275,000
                                                                          -----------    -----------    -----------

Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, end of year         $    55,289    $    81,000    $   157,000
                                                                          ===========    ===========    ===========

YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30,                                                      2004          2003           2002
----------------------------------------------------------------------    -----------    -----------    -----------
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
Cash paid during the year for:
Interest                                                                  $    95,047    $   254,000    $   409,000
                                                                          -----------    -----------    -----------

Income taxes                                                              $        --    $     8,000    $  (297,000)
                                                                          -----------    -----------    -----------

Fixed assets acquired under capital leases                                $        --    $        --    $   102,000
                                                                          -----------    -----------    -----------



                    See accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm and
                                    notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                                        f-6
</TABLE>



<PAGE>



                         ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1-ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Description of Business

Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (the "Company") develops, manufactures and
markets a wide variety of products from a base of flexible materials. The
Company's principal subsidiary, Advanced Materials, Inc. (formerly known as
Wilshire Advanced Materials, Inc.) ("AM"), is the successor to a 50 year old
business that converted specialty materials including foams, foils, films and
adhesive composites into components and finished products. The Company is making
a transition from the foam fabricator / contract manufacturing business to
proprietary medical and consumer products. Examples of the products AM is
currently manufacturing include non-skid surgical instrument pads and
applicators for medical use, soap impregnated surgical prep kit sponges,
protective units for arthoroscopic and orthopedic instruments, printer cartridge
inserts and inking felts, automobile insulators, water and dust seals. These
products are made for a number of customers in various markets including
medical, technology, aerospace, automotive and consumer.

Basis of Presentation and Liquidity Matters
-------------------------------------------

The Company's consolidated financial statements have been presented on the basis
that it is a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company
incurred net income (losses) of $714,548, $(631,000) and $(1,202,000) in fiscal
years 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. At November 30, 2004, the Company had
limited cash reserves and was not in compliance with certain financial covenant
ratios pertaining to its line of credit, and therefore is in technical default
under the compliance provisions of the line of credit and term loan. This
violation was cured in October 2005. Management has implemented a plan to reduce
expenses and improve sales. The Company has altered its focus and will now be
concentrating on securing proprietary products primarily for the medical and
consumer industry. The objective is to create advanced designs, using current
materials. These products will be pursued through aggressive product development
and the licensing of existing patented products or technology. These new
products are expected to have higher profit margins and be less subject to
competition. There can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in
completing these critical tasks. If the Company is unable to successfully
complete these critical tasks, it may be forced to significantly reduce,
restructure or cease its operations and/or liquidate inventory at amounts below
current carrying value to generate the necessary working capital to fund its
operations, and if necessary, seek other remedies available to the Company
including protection under the bankruptcy laws. As a result of these and other
factors, the Company's independent certified registered public accounting firm,
Fei-Fei Catherine Fang, LLP, indicated in their report on the 2004 consolidated
financial statements, that there is substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern.

Principles of Consolidation
---------------------------

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Advanced Materials
Group, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Advanced Materials, Inc. and
Advanced Materials, Ltd. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated.

Use of Estimates
----------------

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ materially from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents
-------------------------

The Company considers highly liquid investments with an original maturity of
three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments
-----------------------------------

The Company's cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable
and line of credit approximated fair value at November 30, 2004 because of the
relatively short maturity of these instruments. The carrying value of debt
approximated fair value at November 30, 2004 as these instruments bear market
rates of interest.

Inventories
-----------

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or
market. Cost includes raw materials, labor, manufacturing overhead and purchased
products. Market is determined by comparison with recent purchases or net
realizable value. Net realizable value is based on forecasts for sales of the
Company's products in the ensuing years. Should demand for the Company's
products prove to be significantly less than anticipated, the ultimate
realizable value of the Company's inventories could be substantially less than
the amount shown on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

Property and Equipment
----------------------

Property and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for additions and major
improvements are capitalized. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to
operations as incurred. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise
disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the
accounts, and gains or losses from retirements and dispositions are credited or
charged to operations.

Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line method over
estimated useful lives of five to seven years. Leasehold improvements are being
amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the useful life of the
related improvements or term of the lease. Depreciation and amortization expense
was approximately $414,000, $505,000, and $537,000 for the years ended November
30, 2004, 2003 and 2002 respectively, of which $225,000, $295,000, and $324,000,
respectively, is included in cost of sales in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
-------------------------------

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 144, "Accounting for
the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" provides a single accounting
model for long-lived assets to be disposed of. SFAS No. 144 also changes the
criteria for classifying an asset as held for sale, and broadens the scope of
businesses to be disposed of that qualify for reporting as discontinued
operations and changes the timing of recognizing losses on such operations.

The Company adopted SFAS No. 144 on December 1, 2001. The adoption of SFAS
No.144 did not affect the Company's financial statements. In accordance with
SFAS No. 144, long-lived assets, such as furniture, fixtures and equipment are
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of
assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of
an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by
the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash
flows, and impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying
amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Assets to be disposed
of would be separately presented in the balance sheet and reported at the lower
of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and are no longer
depreciated. The assets and liabilities of a disposed group classified as held
for sale would be presented separately in the appropriate asset and liability
sections of the balance sheet.

Prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 144, the Company accounted for long-lived
assets to be disposed of in accordance with SFAS No. 121, "Accounting for
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of".

During the fourth quarter of 2002, the Company completed an impairment
evaluation and determined that their goodwill has been impaired and accordingly,
recorded a $387,000 non-cash pretax charge for the impairment of goodwill.

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2003, the Company recorded a loss on
disposal of fixed assets of $159,000 as the result of the Company's assessment
of the impairment of certain fixed assets no longer being used by the Company
due to changes in its operations.

During the second quarter of fiscal 2004, the Company recorded a loss on
disposal of fixed assets of $108,232 as the result of the Company's assessment
of the impairment of certain fixed assets no longer being used by the Company
due to changes in its operations.

Revenue Recognition
-------------------

The Company recognizes revenue from product sales when it is realized or
realizable and earned, which is generally at the time of shipment and passage of
title. Revenue is considered to be realized or realizable and earned when there
is persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement in the form of a contract or a
purchase order, the product has been shipped, the sales price is fixed or
determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured. The Company records
revenue for shipping costs charged to customers. The related shipping costs
incurred are recorded in cost of sales.

Advertising Costs
-----------------

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs were approximately
$0, $0, and $27,000, for the years ended November 30, 2004, 2003, and 2002,
respectively, and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

Concentrations of Credit Risk
-----------------------------

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

At November 30, 2004, the Company maintained cash balances at certain financial
institutions in excess of federally insured limits. At November 30, 2004, the
Company had approximately $131,000 in cash in excess of federally insured
limits. The Company has experienced no losses related to uninsured deposits.

CUSTOMERS

The Company provides credit in the normal course of business to customers
throughout the United States and foreign markets. The Company performs ongoing
credit evaluations of its customers. The Company maintains reserves for
potential credit losses based upon the Company's historical experience related
to credit losses.

The lower sales in Singapore are primarily attributable to an amendment to the
Company's manufacturing agreement in Singapore with Foamex Asia to change the
vendor of record for the customer supplied under the agreement from the Company
to Foamex Asia effective July 17, 2003. Although this change does not affect the
Company's share of the profitability under the agreement, it does cause a
significant reduction in its reported revenues. Previously, the Company
purchased the raw materials for the production of product and billed the end
customer and therefore recognized the gross sales and cost of sales on its
financials. Under the amended agreement, it no longer purchases the raw
materials or bills the end customer and only recognizes its portion of profit as
revenue. Management believes this change has been beneficial to the Company as
it stills maintains a share of the profits from the Singapore agreement, while
it has significantly reduced its capital requirements since it no longer needs
to purchase raw materials several months in advance of realizing sales.

Hewlett Packard, accounted for 51% and 65% of consolidated sales for the years
ended November 30, 2003 and 2002, respectively. These sales to Hewlett Packard
were primarily through the Company's manufacturing agreement with its joint
venture partner in Singapore. Sales to Hewlett Packard, Singapore aggregated 37%
and 48% of consolidated sales for the years ended November 30, 2003 and 2002,
respectively. Sales to Hewlett Packard, Puerto Rico accounted for 12% and 15% of
consolidated sales for the years ended November 30, 2004 and 2003, respectively.
Beginning in late 2003, the Company ceased selling to Hewlett Packard, Puerto
Rico and one other customer due to low gross margins, sales of which aggregated
22% and 19% of consolidated sales for the years ended November 30, 2003 and
2002, respectively. In the current customer revenue mix no other customer
contributes more than 20% to AM revenue.

These changes significantly reduced the Company's percentage of sales accounted
for by Hewlett Packard and Hewlett Packard is no longer a significant customer.

Hewlett Packard accounted for 12% of consolidated accounts receivable as of
November 30, 2003.


SUPPLIERS

Foamex International, Inc. ("Foamex") accounted for 15%, 23% and 33% of
consolidated purchases for the years ended November 30, 2004, 2003 and 2002,
respectively. Management believes that the loss of Foamex as a major supplier of
foam could adversely affect the Company's business. If another supplier's
products were to be substituted by our customers in critical applications, there
are no assurances that the Company would retain the favorable supply position
that it has earned through over 25 years as an authorized converter/fabricator
for Foamex and Voltek.

The Company formed Advanced Materials Foreign Sales Corporation Ltd., a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, to enter into a strategic manufacturing
agreement in Singapore. The Company entered into a ten-year agreement with
Foamex Asia in January 1998. Terms of the agreement call for the Company to
lease production equipment and provide certain technology to Foamex Asia. Foamex
Asia will in turn provide its manufacturing facilities and workforce to
fabricate foam products at Foamex Asia's Singapore facility. The manufacturing
agreement has a profit sharing provision that changes annually. The profit
sharing split is as follows (in percentages):

YEAR                                     THE COMPANY           FOAMEX
---------------------------------------  --------------------  ---------------
1998                                     65                    35
1999                                     60                    40
2000                                     50                    50
2001                                     50                    50
2002                                     45                    55
2003                                     40                    60
2004 - 2007                              35                    65

The president of Foamex Asia is former employee of the Company to whom the
Company was paying retirement benefits until March of 2003. The Company was
previously involved in litigation with the former employee in regards to these
payments (see note 10).

Revenues as reported relating to the Singapore manufacturing agreement were
$729,551, $4,394,000 and $11,739,000 for each of the three years ended November
30, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Under the amended agreement, only the
Company's share of the profit would have been reported as revenue. The profits
distributed to the Company pursuant to the Singapore manufacturing agreement
were $729,551, $560,000 and $479,000 for the three years ended November 30,
2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

Risks and Uncertainties
-----------------------

ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION AND OPERATING CONSIDERATIONS

The manufacture of certain products by the Company requires the purchase and use
of chemicals and other materials, which are or may be, classified as hazardous
substances. The Company and its subsidiaries do not maintain environmental
impairment insurance. There can be no assurance that the Company and its
subsidiaries will not incur environmental liability or that hazardous substances
are not or will not be present at their facilities.

The Company is subject to regulations administered by the United States
Environmental Protection Agency, various state agencies, county and local
authorities acting in conjunction with federal and state agencies. Among other
things, these regulatory bodies impose restrictions to control air, soil and
water pollution. The extensive regulatory framework imposes significant
complications, burdens and risks on the Company. Governmental authorities have
the power to enforce compliance with these regulations and to obtain injunctions
and/or impose civil and criminal fines or sanctions in the case of violations.

The Federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"), imposes strict joint and several liability on
the present and former owners and operators of facilities which release
hazardous substances into the environment. The Federal Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act of 1976, as amended ("RCRA"), regulates the generation, governed by
the law, which contains the California counterparts of CERCLA and RCRA. The
Company believes that its manufacturing activities are in substantial compliance
with all material Federal and state laws and regulations governing its
operations. Amendments to existing statutes and regulations could require the
Company to modify or alter methods of operations at costs, which could be
substantial. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able, for
financial or other reasons, to comply with applicable laws and regulations.

The Company believes that it currently conducts, and in the past has conducted,
its activities and operations in substantial compliance with applicable
environmental laws, and believes that costs arising from existing environmental
laws will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated
financial condition or results of operations. There can be no assurance,
however, that environmental laws will not become more stringent in the future or
that the Company will not incur costs in the future in order to comply with such
laws.

Various laws and regulations relating to safe working conditions, including the
Occupational Safety and Health Act ("OSHA"), are also applicable to the Company
and its subsidiaries. The Company believes it and its subsidiaries are in
substantial compliance with all material Federal, state and local laws and
regulations regarding safe working conditions.

Income Taxes
------------

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" ("SFAS 109"). Under
the asset and liability method of SFAS 109, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of
assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates expected to
apply when the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are
established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts, which are
more likely than not to be realized. The provision for income taxes is the tax
payable or refundable for the period plus or minus the change during the period
in deferred tax assets and liabilities.

Stock-based Compensation

In December 2002, the FASB issued FAS No. 148, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation -- Transition and Disclosure", which amended FAS No. 123,
"Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation." The new standard provides alternative
methods of transition for a voluntary change to the fair market value based
method for accounting for stock-based employee compensation. Additionally, the
statement amends the disclosure requirements of FAS No. 123 to require prominent
disclosures in both annual and interim financial statements about the method of
accounting for stock-based employee compensation and the effect of the method
used on reported results. In compliance with FAS No. 148, the Company has
elected to continue to follow the intrinsic value method in accounting for its
stock-based employee compensation plan as defined by APB No. 25.

The Company estimates the fair value of each stock award at the grant date by
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average
assumptions used for grants in 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively: dividend yield
of zero percent for all years; expected volatility of 86 percent in 2004, 138
percent in 2003 and 99 percent in 2002; risk-free interest rates of 4.77 percent
in 2004, 3.5 percent in 2003, and 3.5 percent in 2002; and expected lives of 5.7
years in 2004, 5.0 years in 2003 and 5.0 years in 2002.

The following table represents the effect on net income and earnings per share
if the Company had applied the fair value based method and recognition
provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 123,
"Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation", to stock-based employee compensation.

<TABLE>
<S>            <C>
YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30:                                          2004           2003            2002
---------------------------------------------------------      -----------    -----------    -----------

Net income (loss) available to common shareholders             $   714,548    $  (631,000)   $(1,202,000)

Plus:  Stock-based employee compensation expense included
  in reported net loss                                                  --         41,000             --
Less:  Total stock-based employee compensation expense
  determined using fair value based method                        (128,410)        66,000         24,000
                                                               -----------    -----------    -----------

Pro forma net income (loss) available to common shareholders   $   586,138    $  (656,000)   $(1,226,000)
                                                               -----------    -----------    -----------

Net income (loss) per common share, as reported
Basic and diluted                                              $      0.07    $     (0.07)   $     (0.14)
                                                               -----------    -----------    -----------

Net income  (loss) per common share, pro forma
Basic and diluted                                              $      0.06    $     (0.08)   $     (0.14)
                                                               -----------    -----------    -----------
</TABLE>

Earnings per Share
------------------

The Company has adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 128, "Earnings per Share" ("SFAS 128"). SFAS 128 requires the
presentation of basic and diluted net income per share. Basic earnings per share
exclude dilution and are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average
of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share
reflect the potential dilution that would occur if securities or other contracts
to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Potential
common shares including stock options and convertible debentures have been
excluded for the years ended November 30, 2003 and 2002, as their effect would
be antidilutive. The difference between basic and diluted weighted average
shares outstanding for the year ended November 30, 2004 relates to dilutive
stock options and warrants.

There were 1,176,000, 2,333,500 and 1,717,000 potentially dilutive options,
exclusive of effect of convertible debentures, outstanding at November 30, 2004,
2003 and 2002, respectively, that were not included in the computation of the
net loss per share because they would be anti-dilutive.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements
--------------------------------

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued SFAS
123 (revised 2004), "Share-Based Payment" (SFAS 123R). SFAS 123R requires
measurement of all employee stock-based compensation awards using a fair-value
method and the recording of such expense in the consolidated financial
statements. In addition, the adoption of SFAS 123R will require additional
accounting related to the income tax effects and disclosure regarding the cash
flow effects resulting from share-based payment arrangements. In January 2005,
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 107, which provides supplemental implementation guidance for SFAS
123R. SFAS 123R is effective for our first quarter of fiscal 2006. We have
selected the Black-Scholes option-pricing model as the most appropriate
fair-value method for our awards and will recognize compensation cost on a
straight-line basis over our awards' vesting periods. The adoption of SFAS 123R
did not have a material impact on our results of operations. However,
uncertainties, including our future stock-based compensation strategy, stock
price volatility, estimated forfeitures and employee stock option exercise
behavior, make it difficult to determine whether the stock-based compensation
expense that we will incur in future periods will be similar to the SFAS 123 pro
forma expense disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statements.

In November 2004, the FASB issued SFAS 151, "Inventory Costs." SFAS 151 requires
that the allocation of fixed production overhead costs be based on the normal
capacity of the production facilities and unallocated overhead costs recognized
as an expense in the period incurred. In addition, other items such as abnormal
freight, handling costs and wasted materials require treatment as current period
charges rather than a portion of the inventory cost. SFAS 151 is effective for
inventory costs incurred during periods beginning after June 15, 2005. We do not
expect the adoption of SFAS 151 to have a material impact on our results of
operations or financial condition.

NOTE 2 - DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

On October 31, 2003, the Company entered into an agreement to sell its
wholly-owned subsidiary in Ireland, Advanced Materials, Ltd. ("AML-Ireland").
Total consideration for the sale was approximately $3.2 million, consisting of
$2.1 million in forgiveness of debt and $1.1 million in cash.

Operating results of AML-Ireland for the years ended November 30, 2003 and 2002
are shown separately in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.

Results of operations of AML-Ireland for the years ended November 30, 2003 and
2002 were as follows:

                                                       2003            2002
                                                    -----------     -----------

Revenues                                            $ 9,153,000     $ 9,699,000
                                                    -----------     -----------

Costs and expenses:
Cost of sales                                         7,594,000       8,069,000
General and administrative                            1,385,000       1,094,000
Other                                                    11,000         (12,000)
                                                    -----------     -----------
Total costs and expenses                              8,990,000       9,151,000
                                                    -----------     -----------

Income from discontinued operations                     163,000         547,000
Gain on sale of discontinued operations                 378,000              --
                                                    -----------     -----------
Net income from discontinued operations             $   541,000     $   547,000
                                                    ===========     ===========


NOTE 3 - INVENTORIES

Inventories consist of the following at November 30:

                                                       2004            2003
                                                    -----------     -----------

Raw materials                                       $   348,738     $   532,000
Work-in-progress                                         45,276         129,000
Finished goods                                          317,154         359,000
                                                    -----------     -----------

                                                        711,168       1,020,000
Less allowance for obsolete inventory                   (20,217)        (81,000)
                                                    -----------     -----------

                                                    $   690,951     $   939,000
                                                    ===========     ===========

NOTE 4 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property and equipment consists of the following at November 30:

                                                       2004            2003
                                                    -----------     -----------
Machinery and equipment                             $ 2,527,447     $ 2,617,000
Furniture and fixtures                                1,257,995       1,260,000
Transportation equipment                                 76,540          77,000
Leasehold improvements                                  470,223         408,000
Construction in progress                                 69,899          33,000
                                                    -----------     -----------
                                                      4,402,104       4,395,000
Less accumulated depreciation                        (3,704,203      (3,336,000)
                                                    -----------     -----------
                                                    $   697,901     $ 1,059,000
                                                    ===========     ===========

The assets held under capital leases have been included in property and
equipment and total $697,901 and $604,000 with accumulated depreciation of
$414,311 and $383,000 for the years ended November 30, 2004 and 2003,
respectively.

NOTE 5-LINE OF CREDIT

In October 2003, the Company entered into a new line of credit agreement with a
financial institution, which provides for borrowings up to $3,750,000, as
defined. The line expired in October 2005 and bears interest at prime plus 1.5%
(9.25% at November 30, 2004). The line of credit is secured by substantially all
of the assets of the Company. The line of credit agreement requires the Company
to maintain certain financial covenants including the maintenance of debt
service and tangible net worth ratios. At November 30, 2004, the Company was not
in compliance with these ratios and therefore is in technical default under the
compliance provisions of its bank line of credit and term loan (Notes 5 and 6).
Effective March 1, 2004, the lender increased the rate of interest on the
Company's line of credit and term loan to prime plus 3%, which is the default
rate specified in the loan agreement. The default rate will remain in effect
until all of the designated defaults have been cured.

At November 30, 2004 there is no additional borrowings were available under this
line-of-credit.

In September of 2005, the Company renegotiated the term of this debt instrument,
reducing the line of credit from $3.75 million to $1.5 million Under the new
agreement, the line of credit bears interest at Prime plus 1.5%. As a result of
the new agreement, the Company was able to cure its debt covenant violations.

NOTE 6 - TERM LOAN

In October 2003, the Company obtained a term loan in the amount of $368,000. The
term loan had an outstanding balance of $255,500 as of November 30, 2004 and
amortizes straight line over 60 months with a balloon payment due in October
2005. It bears interest at prime plus 2.0% (6.75% at November 30, 2004) and is
secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company. The loan is payable
to the same lender as the Company's line of credit, for which the Company is in
technical default under the compliance provisions (See Note 5).

In September of 2005, the Company renegotiated the terms of this debt
instrument, extending the term of the term loan through October 1, 2006 with
monthly principal payments of $7,500 and the remainder due on October 1, 2006.
Under the new agreement, the term loan bears interest at Prime plus 2.0%. As a
result of the new agreement, the Company was able to cure its debt violations.

NOTE 7 - CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES

The Company had outstanding convertible debentures totaling $405,000 at November
30, 2003. The debentures bore interest at 7.5% per annum, with interest payable
quarterly. The debentures were issued in denominations of $1,000, or multiples
thereof, and, together with all then accrued and undeclared interest, were
convertible at the election of the holder at any time after their purchase at a
conversion premium of 125% of the closing bid price of the common stock on the
date after their purchase (convertible at prices ranging from $3.59 to $4.37 per
share). The debentures matured and were repaid during fiscal 2004.

NOTE 8 - RESTRUCTURING CHARGES

In May 2001, the Company announced the closure of its manufacturing facility in
Dallas, Texas and its distribution centers in Portland, Oregon and Parker,
Colorado. The closure of the two distribution centers was completed during the
third quarter and the closure of the Texas facility was completed by the end of
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2001. The Company closed these facilities in order
to consolidate its U.S. operations into its plant in Rancho Dominguez,
California and reduce overhead costs in response to its lower domestic sales.
Restructuring charges (reversals) of ($84,032), ($352,000) and $226,000 were
recorded during the years ended November 30, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively,
relating to the plant closures. During 2004, $84,032 in restructuring reserve
was reversed due to continued operations in Dallas which included the relocation
of the corporate office from California to Dallas Texas at the end of June 2004.
Additionally, approximately $23,000 in lease costs were paid against the
reserve. During 2003, approximately $6,000 in severance costs and $392,000 in
lease costs were paid against the reserve. Also, during 2003, the Company
recorded a decrease in the restructuring reserve of $352,000, as it has
instituted a plan which will require the partial use of the Texas facility for
additional production in 2004. During 2002, approximately $63,000 in severance
costs and $334,000 in lease costs were charged against the reserve. The
remainder of the restructuring reserve consists of lease abandonment costs of
$25,312 (net of probable lease revenue of $255,480).

The following table summarizes the changes in the restructuring reserve during
the fiscal years ended November 30, 2004 and 2003:

                                                       2004             2003
                                                    -----------     -----------
Beginning Balance, November 30, 2003                $   132,000     $   882,000
Less:  change in estimate                               (84,032)       (352,000)
Less:  cash paid                                        (22,656)       (398,000)
                                                    -----------     -----------
Balance, November 30, 2004                          $    25,312     $   132,000
                                                    ===========     ===========

NOTE 9 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Retirement Benefits to Former Employees
---------------------------------------

The Company had previously made monthly payments aggregating approximately
$8,000 to two former employees in conjunction with a liability it had assumed in
a business combination in 1992. As of March 2003, the Company ceased making
payments to these individuals, as the Company believes it has fulfilled its
obligation. In May 2004 the Company settled the dispute for a lump-sum payment
of $250,000 which was paid prior to year-end. The remainder of the reserve was
released and included as gain on settlement of $974,000 in the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations.

Leases
------

The Company leases approximately 56,000 square feet of manufacturing and office
space in Rancho Dominguez, California and approximately 82,600 square feet of
manufacturing and office space in Dallas, Texas. The Company pays rent of
approximately $22,400 per month under its Rancho Dominguez lease and
approximately $ 27,500 per month under its Dallas lease. The Rancho Dominguez
lease expired November 2004 and was renewed at approximately $24,600 per month
through November 2010 and the Dallas lease expired in November 2005 and was not
renewed. The Company subleased 70,000 square feet of the facility in Dallas
through November 2005.

Effective November 1, 2005 the Company rented office space in Dallas for its
corporate Headquarters. The Company pays approximately $5,200 per month and the
lease expires in October 2010.

Approximate future minimum operating and capital lease obligations at November
30, 2004, including the Texas facility, which is discussed in Note 8 above,
excluding future sublease income, are as follows:

                                                     OPERATING        CAPITAL
                                                      LEASES          LEASES
                                                    -----------     -----------

2005                                                    626,000          47,000
2006                                                      5,000          16,000
2007                                                      2,000           4,000
2008                                                      1,000           4,000
Thereafter                                                1,000           3,000
                                                    -----------     -----------
Total minimum lease obligations                     $   635,000          74,000
                                                    -----------     -----------
Less amounts representing interest                                      (10,000)

Present value of capital lease payments                                  64,000
Current portion                                                         (45,000)
                                                                    -----------
Long-term portion                                                   $    19,000
                                                                    ===========


Lease expense (not including the lease expense for the Texas facility, as it was
recorded as a reduction in the restructuring reserve) for the years ended
November 30, 2004, 2003, and 2002 was $106,938, $269,000, and $478,000,
respectively.

Interest expense incurred under capital lease obligations was insignificant for
the years ended November 30, 2004, 2003, and 2002.

Future sublease income under contract is approximately $256,000 per year through
November 30, 2005.

Employment Contracts
--------------------

In August 2003, the Company entered into an employment agreement with its newly
appointed President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, Robert E. Delk. The
agreement is to be effective through July 31, 2005, subject to renewal for
automatic successive additional one-year periods if neither the Company nor Mr.
Delk provides written notice of termination at least 30 days prior to the end of
the then current term. In lieu of salary during the first year of the term of
the employment agreement, Mr. Delk received common stock purchase options and
also received reimbursement of approximately $8,300 for health insurance
premiums.

In 2003, the Company issued stock options under the 2003 Plan to Robert Delk,
its President and CEO, to purchase (1) 435,000 shares of the Company's common
stock at $0.28, vesting over one year, (2) 435,000 shares of the Company's
common stock at $0.56, vesting over five years, (3) 435,000 shares of the
Company's common stock at $1.12, vesting over five years, and (4) 435,000 shares
of the Company's common stock at $2.24, vesting over five years. Mr. Delk
accepted the position of President and CEO of the Company in August 2003 and
under the terms of his employment agreement he receives no cash compensation
until August 2004. This is recorded as non-cash compensation in selling, general
and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of
operations. The options are subject to continued employment and expire in August
2008. No compensation expense was recorded in connection with the issuance of
these options as they were issued at or above the fair market value of the
underlying stock at the date of grant.

In fiscal 2004 and 2003, compensation expense of $80,000 and $41,000 pertaining
to the employment agreement was recorded as an adjustment to paid in capital and
non-cash compensation was recognized. The employment agreement with Mr. Delk
provides for a base salary of at least $125,000 per year beginning in August
2004. The Company and Mr. Delk are in the process of negotiating a replacement
employment agreement. Accordingly, effective as of August 1, 2004, the Company
began booking an accrued payroll liability for the $125,000 annual salary. The
Company subsequently paid this liability to Mr. Delk.
The Company also continues to reimburse Mr. Delk for health insurance premiums.

On June 24, 2005, Robert E. Delk, who has served as a member of the board of
directors ("Board") of Advanced Materials Group, Inc. ("ADMG") and as the
President and Chief Executive Officer of ADMG since August 1, 2003, resigned
from his position on the board of directors. Pursuant to the letter dated June
24, 2005 addressed to the Chairman of the Board of ADMG in which Mr. Delk
advised the board of directors of his resignation as a director, Mr. Delk also
gave written notice of termination of his employment with ADMG effective July
31, 2005 upon the expiration of his Employment Agreement dated August 1, 2003
with ADMG.

On August 22, 2005, Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (OTC: ADMG.PK) ("ADMG")
entered into Employment Agreements with William G. Mortensen ("Mortensen") and
Michael Bowen ("Bowen"). Pursuant to these Employment Agreements, Mortensen will
serve as President and Chief Financial Officer of ADMG and Bowen will serve as
Executive Vice President of ADMG. The terms of employment are at will; however,
if either is terminated without cause (as defined in the Employment Agreements),
they receive severance pay equal to six months' base salary if the termination
occurs within the first year of the term, and equal to three months' base salary
if the termination occurs thereafter. Mortensen's base annual salary is set at
$120,000 and Bowen's base annual salary is set at $135,000. Mortensen and Bowen
are each entitled to bonuses calculated by formulas based upon ADMG's income
from continuing operations before taxes. Bowen also received a grant of an
incentive stock option to purchase up to 200,000 shares of ADMG's common stock
for $0.20 per share. The option vests 20% per year for five years, beginning one
year from the date of the grant. If Bowen's employment with ADMG terminates for
any reason other than for cause or his voluntary resignation, the option does
not terminate and vesting continues.

On January 2, 2006, the board of directors of the Company elected Ricardo G.
Brutocao as Chief Executive Officer to fill the Company's previously announced
vacancy at that position. Mr. Brutocao, who already serves as a director of the
Company, will serve in this capacity on a part-time basis.

Litigation
----------

The Company had previously made monthly payments aggregating approximately
$8,000 to two former employees in conjunction with a liability it had assumed in
a business combination in 1992. As of March 2003, the Company ceased making
payments to these individuals, as the Company believes it has fulfilled its
obligation. In May 2004 the Company settled the dispute for a lump-sum payment
of $250,000 which was paid prior to year-end. The remainder of the reserve was
released and included as gain on settlement of $974,000 in the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations.

NOTE 10 - RELATED PARTY DEBT

On April 22, 2004, the Company's President and CEO and the Company's Chairman of
the Board each loaned $150,000 to the Company pursuant to certain promissory
notes. The notes are payable on July 21, 2004 and bear interest at 10%. Upon
certain events of default, including the nonpayment of principal, the interest
rate increases to a default rate of 12%. The Company is continuing to pay down
these notes and as a result of the default they are included in current
liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

In conjunction with the promissory notes, the Company issued warrants to
purchase an aggregate of 100,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an
exercise price of $0.363 per share. The warrants are exercisable at any time and
expire on May 13, 2008. Upon certain events of default, including the nonpayment
of principal, the Company shall issue warrants to purchase an additional 100,000
shares of the Company's common stock with the same terms. As a result of the
default on this debt, the Company issued an additional 100,000 warrants for a
total of 200,000 which were valued at $79,000 and were recorded as interest
expense for the year ended November 31, 2004.

NOTE 11 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Stock Options
-------------

1998 STOCK OPTION PLAN

In April 1998, the stockholders of the Company approved the 1998 Stock Option
Plan ("1998 Plan"). The Plan authorizes the granting of various options and
rights to purchase up to 1,250,000 shares of common stock of the Company.

The 1998 Plan provides for the grant by the Company of options to purchase
shares of the Company's common stock to its officers, directors, employees and
consultants. The 1998 Plan provides that it is to be administered by a committee
consisting of two or more members of the Board of Directors. The Committee has
discretion, subject to the terms of the 1998 Plan, to select the persons
entitled to receive options under the Plan, the terms and conditions on which
options are granted, the exercise price, the time period for vesting such shares
and the number of shares subject thereto.

Options granted under the 1998 Plan may be either "incentive stock options",
within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, or
"non-qualified stock options". No incentive stock option may be granted to any
person who is not an employee of the Company at the date of grant. Options may
be granted under the 1998 Plan for terms of up to 10 years, except for incentive
stock options granted to 10% Stockholders, which are limited to 5-year terms.
The exercise price in the case of incentive stock options granted under the 1998
Plan has to be at least equal to the fair market value of the common stock as of
the date of grant. During 2002, the Company issued non-qualifying options to its
directors to purchase 50,000 shares of the Company's common stock under the 1998
plan, at an exercise price of $0.17. The options vested immediately and expire
in January 2012. No compensation expense was recorded in connection with the
issuance of these options as they were issued at the fair market value of the
underlying stock at the date of grant.

During 2003, the Company issued non-qualifying options to its directors to
purchase 80,000 shares of the Company's common stock under the 1998 plan, at an
exercise price of $0.20. The options vested immediately and expire in January
2013. No compensation expense was recorded in connection with the issuance of
these options as they were issued at the fair market value of the underlying
stock at the date of grant.

2003 STOCK PLAN

In December 2003, the stockholders of the Company approved the 2003 Stock Plan
("2003 Plan"). The Plan authorizes the granting of various options and rights to
purchase up to 3,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company. The 2003 Plan
provides for the grant by the Company of options to purchase shares of the
Company's common stock to its employees, directors and consultants. The 2003
Plan provides that it is to be administered by a committee consisting of two or
more members of the Board of Directors. The Committee has discretion, subject to
the terms of the 2003 Plan, to select the persons entitled to receive options
under the Plan, the terms and conditions on which options are granted, the
exercise price, the time period for vesting such shares and the number of shares
subject thereto.

Options granted under the 2003 Plan may be either "incentive stock options",
within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, or
"non-qualified stock options". No incentive stock option may be granted to any
person who is not an employee of the Company at the date of grant. Options may
be granted under the 2003 Plan for terms of up to 10 years, except for incentive
stock options granted to 10% Stockholders, which are limited to 5-year terms.
The exercise price in the case of incentive stock options granted under the 2003
Plan has to be at least equal to the fair market value of the common stock as of
the date of grant.

In 2003, the Company issued stock options under the 2003 Plan to Robert Delk,
its President and CEO, to purchase (1) 435,000 shares of the Company's common
stock at $0.28, vesting over one year, (2) 435,000 shares of the Company's
common stock at $0.56, vesting over five years, (3) 435,000 shares of the
Company's common stock at $1.12, vesting over five years, and (4) 435,000 shares
of the Company's common stock at $2.24, vesting over five years. Mr. Delk
accepted the position of President and CEO of the Company in August 2003 and
under the terms of his employment agreement he receives no cash compensation
until August 2004. This is recorded as non-cash compensation in selling, general
and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of
operations. The options are subject to continued employment and expire in August
2008. No compensation expense was recorded in connection with the issuance of
these options as they were issued at or above the fair market value of the
underlying stock at the date of grant.

In December 2003, the Company issued stock options under the 2003 Plan to
purchase 100,000 shares of the Company's common stock to an employee at an
exercise price of $0.41 per share, expiring in December 2008.

The following table summarizes options granted and outstanding:

                                                                       WEIGHTED
                                                                       AVERAGE
                                                          NUMBER OF    EXERCISE
                                                          SHARES       PRICE
                                                          ----------   ---------

Outstanding, November 30, 2001 (1,437,000 exercisable
  at a weighted average price of $1.60)                    1,755,000    $   1.41
Granted (weighted average fair value of $0.11)                50,000        0.17
Canceled/Expired                                             (88,000)       1.85
                                                          ----------    --------

Outstanding, November 30, 2002 (1,506,200 exercisable
  at a weighted average price of $1.48)                    1,717,000    $   1.34
Granted (weighted average fair value of $0.28)             1,820,000        1.01
Canceled/Expired                                          (1,203,500)       1.44
                                                          ----------    --------

Outstanding, November 30, 2003 (567,980 exercisable
  at a weighted average price of $1.02)                    2,333,500    $   1.03
Granted (weighted average fair value of $0.30)               190,000        0.40
Canceled/Expired                                            (137,500)       0.82
Exercised                                                    (30,000)       0.22
                                                          ----------    --------

Outstanding, November 30, 2004 (1,182,000 exercisable
  at a weighted average price of $0.82)                    2,356,000    $   1.01
                                                          ==========    ========


The following table sets forth the exercise prices, the number of options
outstanding and exercisable, and the remaining contractual lives of the
Company's stock options at November 30, 2004.

<TABLE>
<S>            <C>
                                                                        WEIGHTED AVERAGE
     EXERCISE                                                           CONTRACTUAL LIFE
      PRICE               OUTSTANDING             EXERCISABLE               REMAINING
--------------------  ----------------------  ----------------------  ----------------------
                                    NUMBER OF OPTIONS

  $ 0.17 - 0.56               1,180,000                 702,000               4.0 years
    0.94 - 1.50                 696,000                 348,000                     3.1
    1.75 - 3.69                 480,000                 732,000                     3.7
                      ----------------------  ----------------------

                              2,356,000               1,182,000
                      ----------------------  ----------------------
</TABLE>

In January 2004, the Company completed an equity private placement, raising
$500,000. In the private placement the Company sold 1,219,515 shares of its
common stock at a price of $0.41 per share. The shares were sold to parties
close to the Company, including its Chairman and former CEO, who were already
major shareholders. There was no agent for the transaction. Proceeds from the
sale were used to pay off existing vendors and for general working capital
purposes.

In June 2004, the Company sold 595,239 shares to Delk Partners, Ltd., Plus 4,
and the Lenawee Trust in exchange for an aggregate of $250,000 cash. Robert Delk
is the general partner of Delk Partners, Ltd. and was a director and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company; Timothy Busch is a beneficiary of the Lenawee
Trust and a director of the Company; and Richard H. Pickup is a partner of Plus
4 and a member of a group beneficially owning more than 10% of the outstanding
shares of common stock of the Company. The proceeds were used to pay the
settlement of deferred compensation as discussed above.

NOTE 12 - INCOME TAXES

Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations is as follows:

                                                YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30:
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                           2004          2003          2002
                                        -----------   -----------   -----------

Current:
Federal                                 $        --   $        --   $  (297,000)
State                                         2,400        24,000            --
                                        -----------   -----------   -----------

                                              2,400        24,000      (297,000)

Deferred:
Federal                                          --            --            --
State                                            --            --            --
                                        -----------   -----------   -----------

Total income tax provision              $     2,400   $    24,000   $  (297,000)
                                        ===========   ===========   ===========

The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities at November 30 are as
follows:

                                                       2004             2003
                                                    -----------     -----------

Deferred tax assets:
Tax (under) over book depreciation                  $   (96,000)    $    46,000
Accounts receivable                                          --          21,000
Inventory                                                22,000          41,000
Accrued expenses                                         29,000          31,000
Federal net operating loss carryforwards              1,117,000       1,766,000
State net operating loss carryforwards                  123,000         175,000
Goodwill and other intangible assets                    480,000         587,000
Restructuring reserve                                    10,000          53,000
                                                    -----------     -----------
Total deferred tax assets                             2,339,000       2,720,000
Less valuation allowance for deferred tax assets     (2,339,000)     (2,720,000)
                                                    -----------     -----------

Net deferred tax assets                             $        --     $        --
                                                    ===========     ===========

At November 30, 2004 and 2003, the Company had a valuation allowance of
$2,339,000 and $2,720,000, respectively, to reduce its deferred tax assets to
estimated realizable value. Based on the level of historical taxable income and
projections for future taxable income over the periods in which temporary
differences are anticipated to reverse, management believes it is more likely
than not that the Company will realize the benefits of these deferred tax
assets, net of the valuation allowance. However, the amount of the deferred tax
asset considered realizable could be adjusted in the future if estimates of
taxable income are revised due to changes in circumstances.

As of November 30, 2004, the Company has net tax operating loss carryforwards of
approximately $5,331,664, available to offset future Federal tax liabilities.
The carryforwards expire through 2023. As of November 30, 2004, the Company has
net operating tax loss carryforwards of approximately $1,376,584 available to
offset future state income tax liabilities, which expire through 2013.

On September 11, 2002, California Governor Gray Davis signed one of the budget
trailer bills that implemented the state's 2002-2003 Budget Bill (A425). The new
law suspends the net operating loss ("NOL") carryover deduction for tax years
2002 and 2003. To compensate for the deduction suspension, the period of
availability for these NOL deductions has been extended by up to two years.

The reconciliation of the income tax provision (benefit) from continuing
operations to taxes computed at U.S. federal statutory rates is as follows:

                                                YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30:
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                           2004          2003          2002
                                        -----------   -----------   -----------

Income tax (benefit) at
  statutory rates                       $   242,946   $  (206,000)  $  (752,000)
Change in federal valuation
  allowance and other permanent items      (242,946)      206,000       752,000
State and Local income taxes,
  net of federal income tax                   2,400        24,000      (297,000)
                                        -----------   -----------   -----------
Total                                   $     2,400   $    24,000   $  (297,000)
                                        ===========   ===========   ===========

NOTE 13 - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN

The Company has a 401(k) retirement plan that covers the majority of the
Company's domestic employees. An employee, at their discretion, can elect to
make voluntary contributions to the plan from 0% to 20% of their compensation,
up to the maximum amount set by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company may
contribute an amount determined in its sole judgment. Total expense from this
plan related to continuing operations was approximately $0, $0 and $0 for the
years ended November 30, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

NOTE 14-FASB 131 SEGMENT REPORTING

The Company's foreign operations consist of a sales joint venture located in
Singapore, which began operations in fiscal 1998. All of their sales are made to
unaffiliated customers. Income from discontinued operations is included in the
AMG-US Operations for all periods presented. The following is a summary of
operations by entities within geographic areas for the year ending November 30,
2004, 2003, and 2002:

<TABLE>
<S>            <C>
                                                       AMG-US          AMI-US           AMI-
                                                     OPERATIONS      OPERATIONS      SINGAPORE     CONSOLIDATED
                                                    ------------    ------------    ------------   ------------
NET SALES

2004                                                $         --    $  7,228,186    $    729,551   $  7,957,737
2003                                                $         --    $ 10,081,000    $  4,394,000   $ 14,475,000
2002                                                $         --    $ 14,849,000    $ 11,739,000   $ 26,588,000

SEGMENT INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE CORPORATE ALLOCATION

2004                                                $         --    $    (15,003)   $    729,551   $    714,548
2003                                                $   (991,000)   $   (200,000)   $    560,000   $   (631,000)
2002                                                $ (1,160,000)   $   (521,000)   $    479,000   $ (1,202,000)

                                                       AMG-US          AMI-US           AMI-
                                                     OPERATIONS      OPERATIONS      SINGAPORE     CONSOLIDATED
                                                    ------------    ------------    ------------   ------------
CORPORATE ALLOCATION (1)
2004                                                $         --    $    114,899    $   (114,899)  $         --
2003                                                $    744,000    $   (424,000)   $   (320,000)  $         --
2002                                                $  1,236,000    $   (662,000)   $   (574,000)  $         --

NET INCOME (LOSS)
2004                                                $         --    $     99,896    $    614,652   $    714,548
2003                                                $   (246,000)   $   (624,000)   $    239,000)  $   (631,000)
2002                                                $     76,000    $ (1,183,000)   $    (95,000)  $ (1,202,000)

DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION
2004                                                $         --    $   (404,311)   $    (10,000)  $   (414,311)
2003                                                $         --    $   (495,000)   $    (10,000)  $   (505,000)
2002                                                $         --    $   (527,000)   $    (10,000)  $   (537,000)

INCOME TAXES
2004                                                $         --    $     (2,400)   $         --   $     (2,400)
2003                                                $         --    $    (24,000)   $         --   $    (24,000)
2002                                                $         --    $    297,000    $         --   $    297,000

TOTAL ASSETS
2004                                                $         --    $  2,800,788    $         --   $  2,800,788
2003                                                $    215,000    $  3,382,000    $     10,000   $  3,607,000
</TABLE>

(1) Corporate allocation represents amounts allocated for general corporate
expenses including costs for management, professional services, insurance and
interest.


NOTE 15-QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

Summarized quarterly financial data for 2004 and 2003 follows:

<TABLE>
<S>       <C>
                                               FIRST          SECOND        THIRD         FOURTH
                                               QUARTER        QUARTER       QUARTER       QUARTER       YEAR
                                               -----------    -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------

2004
----
Net sales                                      $ 2,015,000    $ 1,826,054   $ 2,016,298   $ 2,100,385   $ 7,957,737
Gross profit                                       430,000        260,782       505,373       579,236     1,775,391
Net income (loss) from continuing operations       (69,000)       716,258        35,561        31,279       714,548
Net income (loss)                                  (69,000)       716,258        35,561        31,279       714,548
Income (loss) per share:
Basic and diluted, continuing  operations      $     (0.01)   $       .07   $      0.00   $      0.00   $      0.07
Basic and diluted                              $     (0.01)   $       .07   $      0.00   $      0.00   $      0.07


2003
----
Net sales                                      $ 5,294,000    $ 4,294,000   $ 2,587,000   $ 2,300,000   $14,475,000
Gross profit                                       501,000        403,000       291,000       139,000     1,333,000
Net loss from continuing operations               (171,000)      (205,000)     (410,000)     (386,000)   (1,172,000)
Net loss                                           (16,000)       (78,000)     (335,000)     (203,000)     (631,000)
Income (loss) per share:
Basic and diluted, continuing  operations      $     (0.02)   $     (0.02)  $     (0.05)  $     (0.04)  $     (0.14)
Basic and diluted                              $     (0.00)   $     (0.01)  $     (0.04)  $     (0.02)  $     (0.07)
</TABLE>

(1) Amounts include $180,000 adjustment for accrued severance costs related to
the amended employment agreement for the Company's former CEO.

(2) Includes loss on disposal of fixed assets of $159,000 as the result of the
Company's assessment of the impairment of certain fixed assets no longer being
used by the Company due to changes in its operations. Also, includes an
adjustment to decrease the restructuring reserve $352,000, as the Company has
instituted a plan which will require the use of the Texas facility for
additional production (see note 8).

NOTE 16-SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

On or about December 14, 2004, the Company received a letter from the Inland
Revenue Authority of Singapore ("IRAS") stating that the IRAS believed that
through its relationship with Foamtec (Singapore) Pte Ltd. ("Foamtec") the
Company had a permanent establishment in Singapore and, thus its share of
profits from its arrangement with Foamtec in Singapore was "liable to tax in
Singapore." The IRAS has not provided specific information regarding, nor can
the Company make any specific judgments or determinations as to, a variety of
matters relating to, among other things, the type of tax which the IRAS is
claiming (income tax and/or royalty/withholding tax), the amount, if any, of
credits, exemptions and/or deductions which would be appropriate with respect to
any such tax calculation, the method by which any tax would be calculated, the
amount of any tax and whether would be due from the Company or Foamtec. Without
specific information from IRAS relative to, among whether a tax is due, and if
so, the amount of such tax. Moreover, without any specific information from IRAS
regarding the nature of the IRAS allegations and the answers to, among other
things, the issues referred to above, the Company is not in a position to
determines whether a tax is due and what period, if any, the tax would relate
to.

The Company disagrees with the claims by the IRAS that a tax is due and intends
to aggressively contest the matter should the IRAS make a specific claim for a
tax. Based upon the foregoing, and the fact that a final resolution of any
proposed tax is uncertain and would, in the Company's belief involve unsettled
areas of the law, based upon currently available information, the Company is
unable to provide an estimate or a range of estimates as to the probable tax
liability for this matter. An unfavorable resolution, depending upon the amount
of tax claimed by IRAS, could have a material effect on the Company's result of
operations or cash flows in the periods in which an adjustment is recorded or
the tax is due or paid.

In June, 2005, Robert E. Delk, who served as a member of the board of directors
("Board") of the Company and as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company since August 1, 2003, resigned from his position on the board of
directors.

In August, 2005, ADMG issued to each of the Lenawee Trust and Plus Four Private
Equities, L.P. 625,000 shares of ADMG's common stock for $0.20 per share
($125,000 each). The Lenawee Trust is an affiliate of Timothy R. Busch, the
Chairman of ADMG's Board of Directors.

In August, 2005, the Company entered into Employment Agreements with William G.
Mortensen ("Mortensen") and Michael Bowen ("Bowen"). Pursuant to these
Employment Agreements, Mortensen will serve as President and Chief Financial
Officer of ADMG and Bowen will serve as Executive Vice President of ADMG. The
terms of employment are at will; however, if either is terminated without cause
(as defined in the Employment Agreements), they receive severance pay equal to
six months' base salary if the termination occurs within the first year of the
term, and equal to three months' base salary if the termination occurs
thereafter. Mortensen's base annual salary is set at $120,000 and Bowen's base
annual salary is set at $135,000. Mortensen and Bowen are each entitled to
bonuses calculated by formulas based upon the Company's income from continuing
operations before taxes. Bowen also received a grant of an incentive stock
option to purchase up to 200,000 shares of the Company's common stock for $0.20
per share. The option vests 20% per year for five years, beginning one year from
the date of the grant. If Bowen's employment with the Company terminates for any
reason other than for cause or his voluntary resignation, the option does not
terminate and vesting continues.

In August, 2005, William G. Mortensen was named President of the Company.

In August 2005, the Company entered into a Separation and Release Agreement
("Separation Agreement") with Robert Delk ("Delk"), Delk Holdings, Inc. ("Delk
Holdings") and Delk Partners, Ltd. ("DELK Partners"). Pursuant to the Separation
Agreement, the Company paid to Delk certain past due compensation, repaying
amounts loaned to ADMG by Delk, and reimbursing him for certain expenses related
to intellectual property being transferred by Delk Holdings to ADMG as described
below. Delk, Delk Holdings and Delk Partners have agreed not to compete with the
Company, solicit employees, consultants or customers of the Company, or disclose
any confidential information of ADMG for a period of one year. The parties have
agreed to release each other from all claims, whether known or unknown, other
than those arising under the Separation Agreement.

In August, 2005, the Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption of
Intellectual Property ("Assignments") with each of Delk Holdings and Bowen.
Pursuant to the Assignments, Delk Holdings and Bowen have assigned to the
Company all of their rights to patents, patent applications and related
intellectual property pertaining to certain products using flexible material
components and identified in the Assignment. The Company has agreed to assume
the obligations of Delk Holdings and Bowen under certain agreements pertaining
to the intellectual property, including royalty obligations to inventors.

In September of 2005, the Company renegotiated the terms of its line of credit
and term loan, reducing the line of credit from $3.75 million to $1.5 million
and extending the term of the term loan through October 1, 2006 with monthly
principal payments of $7,500 and the remainder due on October 1, 2006. Under the
new agreement, the line of credit and term loan bear interest at Prime plus 1.5%
and Prime plus 2.0%, respectively. As a result of the new agreement, the Company
was able to cure its debt covenant violations.

In October 2005, the Company sold 350,000 shares of the Company's common stock
for total proceeds of $70,000.

In January 2006, the Company entered into an at-will employment arrangement with
Ricardo G. Brutocao to fill the Company's open Chief Executive Officer position.
Mr. Brutocao has an unwritten agreement to be compensated by the Company at the
rate of $125,000. Previously, in November 2005, Mr. Brutocao had been elected to
the Company's board of directors. Prior to that Mr. Brutocao had been providing
consulting services to the Company and as a result was granted 100,000 options
at $.20 per share of which 20% vested immediately and the remaining vest ratably
over a four year period. Vesting is contingent on continued service to the
Company.




<PAGE>


SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


                                       ADVANCED MATERIALS GROUP, INC.
Dated: June 19, 2006
                                       By: /s/  RICARDO G. BRUTOCAO
--------------------------------------
Ricardo G. Brutocao
Chief Executive Officer



     By: /s/ WILLIAM G. MORTENSEN
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           William G. Mortensen
                                           PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER







Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<S>            <C>


/s/  RICARDO G. BRUTOCAO               Chief Executive Officer and Director          June 19, 2006
---------------------------------
Ricardo G. Brutocao

/s/  WILLIAM G. MORTENSEN              President and Chief Financial Officer         June 19, 2006
---------------------------------
William G. Mortensen

/s/  TIMOTHY R. BUSCH                  Chairman and Director                         June 19, 2006
---------------------------------
Timothy R. Busch

/s/ MAURICE J. DEWALD                  Director                                      June 19, 2006
---------------------------------
Maurice J. DeWald

/s/  N. PRICE PASCHALL                 Director                                      June 19, 2006
---------------------------------
N. Price Paschall


</TABLE>




<PAGE>




                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

NO. EXHIBITS
-------   ----------------------------------------------------------------------

2.1    Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated April 21, 1993 between Far
       West Ventures, Inc. (now known as Advanced Materials Group, Inc.),
       Wilshire Advanced Materials, Inc. and the stockholders of Wilshire
       Advanced Materials, Inc. (1)
3.1    Articles of Incorporation of Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (formerly
       known as Far West Ventures, Inc.). (1)
3.2    Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Advanced
       Materials Group, Inc. (1)
3.3    Bylaws, as amended, of Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (1)
10.1   Asset Purchase Agreement dated August 4, 1992 between Wilshire Advanced
       Materials, Inc. and Wilshire Technologies, Inc. (1)
10.2   Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement dated August 4, 1992 between
       Wilshire Advanced Materials, Inc. and Wilshire Technologies, Inc. dated
       December 2, 1992. (1)
10.3   Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 6, 1993 between Advanced Materials
       Group, Inc. and the stockholders of Condor Utility Products, Inc. (2)
10.4   The 1993 Stock Option Plan of Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (3)(*)
10.5   Form of Convertible Debenture. (4)
10.6   Promissory Note of the Company dated March 25, 1994 payable to Michael W.
       Crow in the amount of $787,618. (5)
10.7   Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated August 16, 1995 between
       Advanced Material Group, Inc. and Hiram H. Johnson and Beth A. Johnson.
       (6)
10.8   Industrial Lease Agreement executed August 31, 1995 between New York Life
       Insurance and Annuity Corporation, as Landlord and Advanced Materials,
       Inc., as Tenant. (7)
10.9   Form of Equity Warrant between Advanced Materials Group, Inc. and Trilon
       Dominion Partners, L.L.C. (8)
10.10  Form of Debt Warrant between Advanced Materials Group, Inc. and Trilon
       Dominion Partners, LLC. (9)
10.11  Loan Agreement dated as of November 26, 1996, between Advanced Materials,
       Inc. And Wells Fargo National Association. (10)
10.12  First Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of September 1, 1996, between
       Advanced Materials, Inc. and Wells Fargo National Association. (11)
10.13  Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of September 1, 1996, between
       Advanced Materials, Inc. and Gasket and Molded Products, Inc. and
       Shareholders. (12)
10.14  Amendment One to Lease dated as of September 27, 1996, between Advanced
       Materials Group, Inc. And Riggs National Bank of Washington, D.C. as
       Trustee of the Multi-Employer Property Trust. (13)
10.15  The 1997 Stock Option Plan of Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (14)
10.16  Industrial Sublease Agreement executed September 1, 1997 between Advanced
       Material, Inc. as landlord and S-Line as tenant. (15)
10.17  Manufacturing Agreement dated January 30, 1998 by and between Advanced
       Materials FSC Ltd. and Foamtec (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (16)
10.18  Form of Warrant Assignment Agreement dated September 15, 1997 between
       Trilon Dominion Partners, LLC. and certain individuals. (17)
10.19  Credit Agreement dated as of February 27, 1998 between Advanced Materials
       Group, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. (18)
10.20  The 1998 Stock Option Plan of Advanced Materials Group, Inc. (19)(*)
10.21  Agreement of Settlement and General Release, dated October 20, 1998, by
       and among Advanced Materials Group, Inc., Condor Utility Products, Inc.
       and Gary and Dora Valiska, former employees of Condor Utility Products,
       Inc. (20)
10.22  Employment agreement dated September 11, 1998 between Advanced Materials
       Group, Inc. and Steve F. Scott, Chief Executive Officer, President and
       Director. (21)(*)
10.23  Consulting Agreement dated March 31, 1997, by and between Advanced
       Materials Group, Inc. and Paschall and Company. (22)
10.24  Industrial Lease Agreement, including addenda and additional provisions,
       executed June 30, 1999, by and between Riggs & Company, a division of
       Riggs Bank N.A., as Trustee of the Multi-Employer Property Trust, as
       Landlord, and Advanced Materials, Inc., as Tenant. (23)
10.25  Employment Agreement dated August 1, 1999, by and between Advanced
       Materials Group, Inc. and David A. Lasnier, Senior Vice President,
       General Manager. (24)(*)
10.26  Employment Agreement dated August 1, 1999, by and between Advanced
       Materials Group, Inc. and James Douglas Graven, Vice President, Chief
       Financial Officer. (25)(*)
16.1   Letter from Ernst & Young, L.L.P., dated September 22, 2000, regarding
       its concurrence with Advanced Material Group, Inc.'s statement regarding
       change of accountants. (26)
21.1   List of Subsidiaries. (27)
31.1   Certification by Chief Executive Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) of
       the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to
       Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
31.2   Certification by Chief Financial Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) of
       the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to
       Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.1   Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
       1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
       2002
32.2   Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
       1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
       2002



(*)    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be
       filed as an exhibit.

(1)    Filed as a like-numbered exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement
       on Form SB-2 dated December 6, 1993 (Registration No. 33-72500),
       incorporated herein by reference.

(2)    Filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form
       SB-2 dated December 6, 1993 (Registration No. 33- 72500), incorporated
       herein by reference.

(3)    Filed as Exhibit 10.18 to Amendment No. 1 dated March 1, 1994 to the
       Company's Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated December 6, 1993
       (Registration No. 33-72500), incorporated herein by reference.

(4)    Filed as Exhibit 10.23 to Amendment No. 2 dated May 6, 1994 to the
       Company's Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated December 6, 1993
       (Registration No. 33-72500), incorporated herein by reference.

(5)    Filed as Exhibit 10.24 to Amendment No. 2 dated May 6, 1994 to the
       Company's Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated December 6, 1993
       (Registration No. 33-72500), incorporated herein by reference.

(6)    Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-QSB dated August 31, 1995, incorporated
       herein by reference.

(7)    Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-QSB dated August 31, 1995, incorporated
       herein by reference.

(8)    Filed as Exhibit 2.2 to Form 8-K filed January 5, 1996, incorporated
       herein by reference.

(9)    Filed as Exhibit 2.3 to Form 8-K filed January 5, 1996, incorporated
       herein by reference.

(10)   Filed as Exhibit 10.18 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1996,
       incorporated herein by reference.

(11)   Filed as Exhibit 10.19 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1996,
       incorporated herein by reference.

(12)   Filed as Exhibit 10.20 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1996,
       incorporated herein by reference.

(13)   Filed as Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1996,
       incorporated herein by reference.

(14)   Filed as Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1997,
       incorporated herein by reference.

(15)   Filed as Exhibit 10.22 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1997,
       incorporated herein by reference.

(16)   Filed as Exhibit 10.23 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1997,
       incorporated herein by reference.

(17)   Filed as Exhibit 10.24 to Form 10-KSB dated November 30, 1997,
       incorporated herein by reference.

(18)   Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed February 27, 1998, incorporated
       herein by reference.

(19)   Filed as Exhibit A to Form DEF-14A dated April 8, 1998, incorporated
       herein by reference.

(20)   Filed as Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-KSB filed March 1, 1999, incorporated
       herein by reference.

(21)   Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-QSB filed July 10, 1997, incorporated
       herein by reference.

(22)   Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-QSB filed July 10, 1997, incorporated
       herein by reference.

(23)   Filed as Exhibit 10.24 to Form 10-K filed February 28, 2000, incorporated
       herein by reference.

(24)   Filed as Exhibit 10.25 to Form 10-K filed February 28, 2000, incorporated
       herein by reference.

(25)   Filed as Exhibit 10.26 to Form 10-K filed February 28, 2000, incorporated
       herein by reference.

(26)   Filed as Exhibit 16.1 to Form 8-K filed September 22, 2000, incorporated
       herein by reference.

(27)   Filed as Exhibit 21 to Form 10-K filed February 28, 2000, incorporated
       herein by reference.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
