<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d10k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K405
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

================================================================================
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                ---------------

                                    FORM 10-K

[x] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
            ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001

                                       OR

[_] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE

                     ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD

                          Commission file number 0-6533

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

               DELAWARE                                      87-0277826
    (State or other jurisdiction of                       (I.R.S. Employer
     incorporation or organization)                      Identification No.)

    137 NEWBURY STREET, 8th FLOOR                               02116
        BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS                                 (Zip Code)
  (Address of principal executive offices)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (617) 425-0200

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                     Common Stock, Par Value $.01 Per Share
                        Warrants to Purchase Common Stock
                       Rights to Purchase Preferred Stock
                                (Title of Class)

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [x] No [ ]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K ([sec]) 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [x]

     Based on the last sales price of the Registrant's Common Stock as reported
on the Nasdaq National Market on March 22, 2002, the aggregate market value of
the 22,123,580 outstanding shares of voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the
Registrant was $54,202,771.

     As of March 22, 2002, there were 22,374,210 shares of the Registrant's
Common Stock issued and outstanding.

     Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of the Registrant's
definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission relative to the Registrant's 2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are
incorporated by reference into Items 10, 11, 12 and 13 of Part III of this
annual report on Form 10-K.

================================================================================
<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.     BUSINESS.

OVERVIEW

     Boston Life Sciences, Inc. is a development stage biotechnology company
engaged in the research and development of novel therapeutic and diagnostic
products to treat chronic debilitating diseases such as cancer, central nervous
system ("CNS") disorders and certain autoimmune diseases. Boston Life Sciences
("Old BLSI"), originally founded in 1992, merged into a publicly held company
effective June 15, 1995 (the "Merger") which then changed its name to Boston
Life Sciences, Inc. ("BLSI" or the "Company" or "We"). Our principal executive
offices are located at 137 Newbury Street, 8th Floor, Boston, Massachusetts
02116, and the telephone number is (617) 425-0200. We expect to relocate our
offices to 20 Newbury Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02116, by the end of the
second quarter of 2002.

     Our overall corporate strategy is to in-license early-stage technologies
from academic research centers, predominately Harvard University and its
affiliated hospitals ("Harvard and its Affiliates"), and to develop those
technologies within the academic laboratory through the "proof of principle"
stage. We then "extract" these potential products from the academic laboratory
and continue to develop these products through the Investigational New Drug
("IND") and clinical trials, with the goal of obtaining marketing approval for
each of the selected technologies. Finally, corporate marketing and/or
development partnerships are sought after in a manner that strategically fits
with the Company's overall goal of building shareholder value.

     We currently have 13 technologies in our product portfolio, all of which
were invented or discovered by researchers working at Harvard and its Affiliates
and have been exclusively licensed to us.

ALTROPANE(TM) IMAGING AGENT

     The ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent is a small molecule invented by
researchers at Harvard and its Affiliates, including the Massachusetts General
Hospital, that we are developing as a diagnostic for Parkinson's Disease ("PD")
and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ("ADHD"). The ALTROPANE(TM)
imaging agent is an 123I-based nuclear medicine imaging agent that binds with
extremely high affinity and specificity to the Dopamine Transporter ("DAT").
Consequently, the amount of the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent taken up by the
brain is directly proportional to the number of DATs that are present in any
given area of the brain. In patients with PD, there is a marked decrease in the
number of DATs in the striatal region of the brain. As a result, when the
ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent is administered to patients with PD, its uptake is
substantially diminished as compared to patients without PD. This marked
decrease in the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent uptake in patients with PD is the
basis for the use of the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent as a diagnostic test for
early PD. Conversely, ADHD appears to be associated with an excess number of
DATs in this same region of the brain and thus the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent
has the potential to be a valuable diagnostic imaging agent for ADHD as well.

  PARKINSON'S DISEASE (PD)

     Parkinson's Disease is a chronic, irreversible, neurodegenerative disease
that generally affects people over 50 years old. It is caused by a significant
decrease in the number of dopamine producing cells in specific areas of the
brain. Inadequate production of dopamine causes the classic PD symptoms of
resting tremor, muscle retardation, and rigidity. PD afflicts about
250,000-500,000 Americans and about 4 million individuals in developed nations
worldwide. The number of individuals having PD is expected to grow
substantially as people continue to live longer and the overall population
ages. Since administration of currently available therapies at an early stage
of PD may delay the progression of the disease, early definitive diagnosis may
be of substantial benefit. There is presently no objective test available in
the United States to diagnose PD.

     We believe that the Phase II clinical trial results, which we announced in
April 1999, provides clear evidence that the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent is
useful in distinguishing normal individuals from those individuals with early
PD. The results of this trial, which was completed in February 1999, indicated
that patients with early or mild PD were reliably and easily differentiated
from normal patients based on the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent scan results. The
differentiation of PD patients from normal patients was demonstrated by the
distinct differences in binding potential. Normal patients had a mean striatal
binding potential of 1.07 +/- 0.17 vs 0.44 +/- 0.19 for patients with
early/mild PD (p less than 0.00007). The highest binding potential for a PD
patient (0.66) was still well below the lowest binding potential seen in the
normal patients (0.90). Qualitative assessment of the scans revealed

                                      1
<PAGE>

moderate to marked decrease in at least one quadrant of the striatum in the
brain of PD patients compared to the normal patients.

     We initiated our Phase III clinical trial in March 1999 and completed
trial enrollment in March 2000. The trial was conducted at 20 clinical sites
and was comprised of 165 patients. The Phase III study was designed to confirm
the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent's ability to differentiate Parkinson's movement
disorders (including PD) from other movement disorders and to assess the
efficacy of the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent-SPECT scanning in a sample
population representative of those individuals that consult with neurologists
or internists for undiagnosed movement disorders. In July 2000, we announced
that both of the trial's primary endpoints were statistically significant. The
study enrolled 95 subjects having the clinical diagnosis of Parkinsonian
Syndrome ("PS") and 70 patients having non-Parkinsonian Syndrome movement
disorders with clinical features similar to PS but whose symptoms are caused by
something other than a destruction of dopamine producing cells. PD is the most
common form of PS, the name for a group of disorders with similar features.
These disorders share the same primary clinical symptoms, and all are the
result of the loss of dopamine-producing brain cells. The clinical diagnosis of
patients in the trial was made by expert neurologists specializing in movement
disorders. The ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent-SPECT scans were performed on each
subject and were reviewed by an independent three-member panel of nuclear
medicine physicians specializing in neuroimaging who had no knowledge of the
clinical diagnosis. The ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent scans were read and
categorized as being consistent with either PS or non-PS, and were then
compared to the expert clinical diagnosis. There were no ALTROPANE(TM) imaging
agent-related adverse events reported in the study.

     In August 2000, we signed an agreement with MDS Nordion, Inc. ("MDS
Nordion") of Ottawa, Canada to supply the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent under the
Good Manufacturing Process ("GMP") required by the Food and Drug Administration
("FDA" or the "Agency"). MDS Nordion specializes in radioisotopes, radiation,
and related technologies used to diagnose, prevent and treat disease, is the
recognized pre-eminent producer of 123 Iodine in North America, and has a
high-quality manufacturing facility for producing finished
radiopharmaceuticals. MDS Nordion is part of MDS Inc., an international health
and life sciences company based in Canada.

     In September 2001, we announced that Nordion had completed the GMP
commercial manufacturing scale-up process for the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent.
According to the terms of the Development and Supply Contract, MDS Nordion will
compile and prepare the regulatory information for the Chemistry Manufacturing
and Controls ("CMC") section of the Company's New Drug Application ("NDA") for
PD. MDS Nordion will also supply the GMP ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent for the
Company's ADHD and other clinical trials, as well as manufacture and distribute
the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent following commercial launch, when and if the
NDA filing is approved by the FDA.

     In February 2002, we announced the completion of the testing that we
believe is necessary to document the chemical and biologic equivalence of the
commercial supply of the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent to that used in the
clinical trials of the drug. These studies were necessitated by the change of
manufacturer and process from clinical trial scale to full GMP commercial
scale. The results of these equivalency studies revealed no detectable
differences in chemical or biologic properties between the two sources of
material.

     In February 2002, we submitted a pre-NDA briefing document to the FDA and
requested a teleconference with the Agency to discuss any outstanding issues
that the FDA may require us to address in advance of scheduling a pre-NDA
meeting.  However, there can be no assurance that the FDA will agree
that all data accumulated to date will be sufficient for the filing of
an NDA.

                                       2
<PAGE>

  ATTENTION DEFICIT HYPERACTIVITY DISORDER (ADHD)

     ADHD is the most commonly diagnosed behavioral disorder in children and is
the fastest growing psychiatric disorder in adults. Since 1990, the total
number of American children diagnosed with ADHD has risen from 900,000 to over
5.5 million, and the use of stimulant medication such as RITALIN(R)
(methylphenidate) has increased 700% in the same period. ADHD is currently
diagnosed according to a set of behavioral criteria defined in the Diagnostic
and Statistical Manual ("DSM") used by psychiatrists. However, it has not been
possible to validate these criteria against an objective biological standard
since such a standard has never been established and does not currently exist.
Consequently, the DSM criteria have generated widespread concern and, in the
view of many critics, often are misapplied and misinterpreted. The lack of a
clear-cut, demonstrated biological basis for ADHD has led to a great deal of
confusion concerning the diagnosis of ADHD and has even provoked skepticism
regarding the existence of the disorder.

     There is currently no objective test to diagnose ADHD. Researchers have
recently postulated, but have not been able to confirm, that ADHD may be linked
to an abnormality in the DAT. A number of stimulant medications, including
RITALIN(R) (methylphenidate), currently constitute the most prescribed treatment
for the broadly described disorder labeled "ADHD." Since there has not been an
objective test to differentiate between biochemical abnormality and purely
psychological behavior disorders, the increasing use of potentially addictive
drugs among children has prompted vigorous public debate amongst educators,
parents and the medical community. This concern has escalated in recent years
as evidenced by widespread coverage in the media.

     We initiated a development program utilizing the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging
agent for the early diagnosis of ADHD in June 1999. Under a Physician's
Sponsored IND application, adult patients with ADHD underwent brain scanning
using the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent, and were found to have a significantly
abnormal elevation in the number of DATs in the midbrain. All of the patients
tested showed this abnormality. The excessive number of dopamine transporters
found in the midbrain in these ADHD subjects suggests that this may be the
underlying detectable biochemical abnormality in at least a certain segment of
individuals presenting with symptoms of ADHD. The results of the study were
subsequently published in the British medical journal The Lancet. The senior
author of the article was Dr. Alan Fischman, Chief of Nuclear Medicine at the
Massachusetts General Hospital.

     In January 2000, we finalized the clinical trial program for our Phase II
and III clinical trials. We initiated our first Phase II trial in April 2000 and
completed trial enrollment in September 2000. The trial, comprised of 40 adult
patients, was designed to expand the database on normal individuals and to
elaborate on the findings obtained to date. In March 2001, we announced that the
ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent had succeeded in identifying adults with long-
standing expertly-diagnosed ADHD in the Phase II study. Adults (age 20-40)
diagnosed by clinical experts as having ADHD had statistically-significant
elevations in the number of their DATs (p(less than)0.001) compared to normal
(non-ADHD) individuals of the same age group. The 40 subject study was carried
out at four academic medical institutions in the U.S., and the data analysis was
performed at the Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. The statistically-
significant separation of ADHD from normal individuals based on the
ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent brain scan in this study confirms the results of our
pilot study.

     In December 2001, we initiated a second Phase II trial in adults using a
simplified scanning procedure and algorithm adjustments. This trial will
consist of 80 patients. If we obtain successful results in this trial, we will
then proceed to a Phase III clinical trial. We hope to obtain "fast track"
designation from the FDA for the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent in the ADHD
indication based on "unmet medical need". Under fast track provisions, the FDA
is committed to working with the sponsor for the purpose of expediting the
clinical development and evaluation of the drug's safety and efficacy. There
can be no assurance that we will obtain fast track designation or that, if
obtained, such designation will guarantee a faster development process, review
or approval, compared to conventional FDA procedures.

     In March 2002, we expanded our clinical program using the ALTROPANE(TM)
imaging agent as an ADHD diagnostic agent with the initiation of a Phase II
study in children. The 40 subject study will be performed at Children's
Hospital of Philadelphia and University of Massachusetts Medical School in
Worcester, Mass., two institutions of renowned excellence in the diagnosis and
treatment of ADHD. The study will enter children between ages 8-17 that have an
expertly-determined psychiatric diagnosis of either ADHD (20 subjects) or one
of three anxiety syndromes (Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Phobia, or
Separation Anxiety Disorder [20 subjects]). An Altropane-SPECT scan will then
be performed on each child and the indirect measure of DATs will be calculated
by a nuclear medicine specialist without knowledge of the subject's previously
established clinical diagnosis. The results of the ADHD group will then be
statistically compared to those of the anxiety group. The

                                       3
<PAGE>

working hypothesis is that children with ADHD will have a
statistically-significant elevation in their calculated DATs compared to those
with anxiety disorders. We plan to use the degree of statistical separation of
the groups in planning the Phase III study. ADHD is often difficult to
differentiate clinically from anxiety disorders in children; therefore we
believe that any objective test to aid in differentiating these two groups
could be of great practical benefit.

  MARKET POTENTIAL

     We believe that the total market prospects for the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging
agent in both PD and ADHD are substantial. It is estimated that approximately
132,000 individuals per year present to their physician with new, undiagnosed
movement disorders, and are therefore candidates for the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging
agent scan to diagnose or rule-out early Parkinson's Disease. In the far larger
ADHD market, a conservatively estimated 1.5 million adults between the ages of
20 to 40 are tentatively diagnosed with ADHD. The most significant single
market is, of course, the 3 million children who are categorized as having
ADHD. The annual incidence (new cases) of behavioral disorders consistent with
ADHD in both adults and children is approximately 1.3 million. We believe that
an effective diagnostic for ADHD will provide a much-needed objective basis for
therapeutic intervention with drugs such as RITALIN( (methylphenidate).
Including its use for both PD and ADHD indications, we believe that the
ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent has the potential, if approved, to become one of
the largest selling radiopharmaceuticals ever developed. Our preliminary
projections point toward a combined potential of 300,000 to 500,000 scans per
year, five years post-introduction.

PRINCIPAL PRECLINICAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS

  1. TROPONIN

     Angiogenesis, the formation of new blood vessels, plays an important role
in the growth and spread of cancer throughout the body. Experimental and
clinical evidence strongly suggests that the inhibition of angiogenesis could
potentially offer a general therapeutic approach to the prevention or treatment
of all solid tumor metastases. This approach is independent of tumor type since
it targets only proliferating blood vessel cells, and if the anti-angiogenic
agent is specific to endothelial (blood vessel) cells, it is also theoretically
nontoxic since angiogenesis does not take place under normal circumstances. In
addition to the treatment of cancer, the anti-angiogenic approach appears to
have significant potential for the treatment of eye diseases that are
associated with abnormal retinal angiogenesis. Two of these diseases, Macular
Degeneration and Diabetic Retinopathy, are the major causes of blindness in
developed countries.

     Our anti-angiogenic agent, Troponin I ("Troponin"), was discovered to be
present in cartilage (a tissue devoid of blood vessels) by scientists at
Children's Hospital in Boston, and found to have extremely strong
anti-angiogenic activity, both in vitro and in vivo. Recombinant Troponin has
been shown to inhibit lung metastases in animals at doses that by extrapolation
to the human equivalent appears to yield a convenient clinical dosing regimen.
The scientific basis for our development of Troponin was published in the March
16, 1999 edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. We own
the exclusive license to the issued (November 1998) U.S. patent for the use of
Troponin to treat a variety of angiogenic diseases, specifically including
solid cancerous tumors and eye diseases. A second patent, covering
pharmaceutical compositions of Troponin, was subsequently issued (February
2000) which we believe significantly strengthens our proprietary position
regarding the use of this natural compound.

     In January 2001, we announced the development of a proprietary method for
the purification of complex bacterial-produced recombinant proteins, such as
Troponin, that conserves the biological activity of the protein. We believe that
this method will enable us to produce large amounts of highly active Troponin at
a relatively advantageous cost for our clinical trials and, if approved,
subsequent commercialization. The development of an economic, scale-up
methodology for production of complex proteins while adhering to FDA mandated
standards for purity and still retaining requisite biological activity has been
a very difficult problem for the biotechnology industry. This has been
especially true in the case of several anti-angiogenic agents.

     In November 2001, we completed the required pre-IND one-month toxicology
tests for Troponin. Preliminary results revealed no significant toxicity in
either species (primates and rats) during or after the one-month infusion
period. The results of these tests form an important part of the Company's IND
application which is necessary for the initiation of human clinical trials.
These tests evaluated the toxic potential of recombinant human Troponin when
administered as a continuous infusion for a one-month period in both rats and
primates. These studies incorporated doses up to ten times the anticipated dose
to be used in human clinical trials. Significantly, primates

                                      4
<PAGE>

exhibited no demonstrable immune response. Preliminary evaluation revealed no
adverse effects on any organs, and blood tests revealed no clinically
significant abnormalities in hematologic or chemistry parameters. As expected,
wound healing, which relies heavily on angiogenesis, was clearly delayed in
most animals receiving Troponin. We believe that these results constitute
further evidence that Troponin has anti-angiogenic effects when administered in
this manner.

     In January 2002, we announced that Troponin, when administered by constant
infusion in extremely low doses to mice, had dramatically suppressed growth of
melanoma metastases in the lung. These results, though preliminary, strongly
support our belief that Troponin has significant potential as a clinically
effective anti-angiogenic product for the prevention of tumor metastases in
high-risk cancer patients. The study, carried out at the McGill Center for
Transnational Research in Cancer at the Jewish General Hospital in Montreal,
consisted of administering the clinical formulation of GMP Troponin to mice
beginning 24 hours after intravenous introduction of B16 melanoma cells to the
mice. These melanoma cells localize in the lung within several hours after
injection and require the establishment of a vascular supply in order to grow
to a size that is visible to the naked eye. The mice were treated with a
constant intravenous infusion of Troponin at a cumulative dose of either 1 or 5
mg/kg/day. Animals were sacrificed after 24 days of treatment. Animals
receiving 1mg/kg/day of Troponin had an approximate 65% decrease in the number
of lung metastases compared to control animals, and animals receiving
5mg/kg/day had a >90% decrease in the number of metastases compared to control
animals.

     In March 2002, we announced that we had initiated regular production of
Troponin at our own facility in Baltimore, MD. Our manufacturing team is now
able to produce all anticipated clinical trial material using our internally
developed, proprietary manufacturing process. We are now able to purify a
"batch" of Troponin in 24 hours, compared to the four days required by our
previous contract manufacturer. This increased efficiency has resulted in
higher yield and improved biologic activity in the final product. We believe
that this in-house production should result in substantial cost and time
savings. We are currently in the process of converting our Baltimore, MD
facility from Good Laboratory Practices ("GLP") production capability to full
GMP production capability to meet FDA requirements for human-use material.

     We are presently compiling the pre-clinical data required to be included in
an IND application. This data will include the results of efficacy and
toxicology studies in animals. We have initiated the design of the Phase I/II
trial, including the preparation of the trial protocol, and have held
discussions with a number of potential clinical sites. We hope to initiate Phase
I/II studies in patients with non-small cell lung cancer as soon as possible.
However, there can be no assurances that the FDA will accept our IND submission
or will not request additional pre-clinical data before allowing us to initiate
human clinical trials.

  2. INOSINE AND AXOGENESIS FACTOR 1 (AF-1)

     Unlike lower vertebrates, human beings have extremely limited capacity to
regenerate damaged or destroyed nerves in their CNS. Thus, severe injuries to
the spinal cord and brain generally result in permanent disability. In a limited
way, other accessory nerve pathways can compensate for those that have been
destroyed, resulting in limited recovery with rehabilitation, particularly after
stroke. In contrast, peripheral nerves, such as those innervating the limbs, can
regenerate, albeit extremely slowly, resulting in the potential for substantial
functional recovery with time. The question as to why peripheral nerves, but not
CNS nerves, can regenerate has been one of the central questions in
neurobiology. Much research effort has been devoted to identifying the factors
that could explain the differences in regenerative potential between the
peripheral and CNS.

     Inosine and AF-1 are nerve growth factors which specifically promote axon
outgrowth in CNS cells. We acquired the rights to Inosine and AF-1 from
Children's Hospital in 1998 and 1995, respectively. Since axons form the
connections between cells of the CNS (brain and spinal cord), we believe that
Inosine and AF-1 could provide a means to regenerate those connections
following CNS damage suffered in stroke or spinal cord injury. We believe that
these compounds have the potential to treat other acute and chronic
degenerative CNS disorders, such as PD and Alzheimer's, as well as leading eye
diseases such as glaucoma and macular degeneration.

     The annual incidence of stroke in the U.S. is approximately 500,000 with
more than 3,000,000 stroke survivors currently alive. The incidence of
traumatic brain injury is approximately 50,000 annually. The incidence of
spinal cord injury is approximately 10,000 cases annually. Treatment for these
conditions is presently limited to hemodynamic support, steroids to reduce
inflammation, and, in the case of stroke, the correction of predisposing
hematological abnormalities. In addition to stroke and spinal cord injury, we
believe that Inosine and AF-1 can be

                                      5
<PAGE>

effective treatments for glaucoma and other eye diseases such as macular
degeneration. Glaucoma is one of the leading causes of partial blindness in
developed countries, affecting approximately 3 million individuals in the U.S.

     An examination of the damage caused by stroke and the limitations of
existing forms of treatment provides a good example of why we believe that
Inosine may provide a therapeutic benefit to stroke patients. In simple terms,
stroke is essentially caused by an acute blockage of a blood vessel to a
specific area of the brain. Depending on the extent of the territory
vascularized by this vessel, clinical consequences range from minor debility to
death. As far as we are aware, all current therapies, both approved or in
development, are focused on minimizing the damage to the affected territory of
the brain, either by reversing the blockage (by clot dissolution) or protecting
brain cells from the ischemic injury (cytoprotective agents). However, once the
damage is complete, there is little or no functional recovery, since there is
little or no nerve regeneration in the CNS that could compensate for the
irreversible loss of the nerve cells and their connections. Up to now, the
inability to provide regeneration therapy for stroke has been simply due to the
absence of any effective compounds having the necessary in vivo regenerative
activity. Based on experimental results in animals, we believe that Inosine
appears to be the most effective compound ever identified in regenerating nerve
connections in the CNS. Inosine can be administered directly into the Cerebral
Spinal Fluid ("CSF") which bathes the brain, thereby exposing the relevant
brain tissue to therapeutic amounts of Inosine while minimizing the potential
for systemic toxicity. Inosine can potentially be administered via a
widely-used delivery system for several months if necessary, in order to
promote the optimal amount of regeneration. Inosine appears to be effective
even when given after the damage has been done and the stroke is complete. This
is in sharp contrast to other potential agents for stroke therapy now in
development which must be given almost immediately after the stroke.

     We believe Boston Life Sciences, Inc. together with our collaborative
scientists, have reported some of the most significant accomplishments in the
field of nerve regeneration published to date, and that these results
demonstrate that we are in the forefront in the search for potentially
important regenerative agents for stroke, spinal cord injury, and eye disease. A
summary of these milestones is set forth below:

 .    Inosine stimulated axon collateral growth in an animal model that has
     many features in common with spinal cord injury in humans. Almost all of
     the treated animals showed signs of extensive collateral sprouting of
     axons from the uninjured to the injured side of the corticospinal tract
     reaching below the level of the hemi-transection. The number of
     collateral (new) axons ranged up to 2,500 per treated animal, compared to
     28-170 axons seen in control animals.

 .    Our collaborating scientists developed a methodology to stimulate
     regeneration of the optic nerve to a degree far greater than had
     previously been documented in scientific literature. The results of these
     studies were published in The Journal of Neuroscience (20; 4615; 2000),
     one of the leading peer-reviewed neuroscience journals. The authors
     describe how retinal ganglion cells that give rise to the optic nerve
     could be stimulated to regenerate optic nerve fibers following an
     experimental crush injury to the optic nerve. Not only was the amount of
     regeneration far greater than has ever been reported previously
     elsewhere, but in addition these regenerated fibers were observed to pass
     through the crush injury and extend for several millimeters distally
     along the degenerated optic nerve tract towards the brain.

 .    Our collaborating scientists identified and isolated a previously unknown
     naturally-occurring nerve growth factor that can potentially stimulate
     regeneration of the optic nerve. As a result of this discovery, we plan
     to expand our clinical development of our nerve growth factors to include
     Glaucoma. Glaucoma is a condition caused by an abnormal increase in
     intraocular pressure, which in turn results in degeneration of the optic
     nerve. Normalization of intra-ocular pressure, which is the mainstay of
     therapy, can prevent further loss of sight, but cannot alone restore
     vision that has already been lost. The nerve cells that generate or
     constitute the optic nerve do, however, retain the natural ability to
     regenerate the axons (connecting fibers) that populate the optic nerve
     provided the proper growth factor is present. It is hoped therefore, that
     this product will induce the regeneration of optic nerve fibers that have
     been lost thereby facilitating restoration of sight.

 .    Our collaborating scientists isolated the molecular target of Inosine and
     AF-1. This target appears to be an enzyme within CNS neurons that
     specifically controls axon growth of all CNS nerve cells, whether in the
     brain or in the spinal cord. Activation of this enzyme by Inosine and
     AF-1 is apparently sufficient to overwhelm the natural inhibitory
     factor(s) such as Nogo, a naturally occurring protein that inhibits axon
     regeneration in the CNS.

 .    Our collaborating scientists demonstrated that Inosine treatment
     apparently produced near total recovery of limb function in an
     experimental rat model of stroke. Functional improvement in treated
     animals was highly statistically significant compared to control animals,
     which continued to exhibit severe impairments. The improvement in limb
     function in the treated animals, as assessed in a number of behavioral
     tasks, was highly

                                      6
<PAGE>

     statistically significant. Treated animals recovered greater than 90% of
     their pre-stroke function. The untreated group continued to exhibit
     severe functional impairments, remaining effectively paralyzed.

 .    The Journal of Neuroscience reported on the discovery by our
     collaborating scientists of the mechanism by which Inosine stimulates new
     axon growth. This paper describes for the first time how Inosine
     specifically turns on an enzyme that in turn upregulates a whole family
     of genes required for axon growth.

     In March 2002, we reported toxicity test results which indicated that
Inosine appears not to cause random, uncontrolled axon regeneration in normal
rats. The 28-day toxicity test was performed in rats to determine whether there
were any adverse general (non-CNS) or CNS-specific dose-limiting toxicity
associated with continuous CNS administration of Inosine. The route of
administration was identical to that anticipated for use in the Phase I/II
clinical study that we are planning in stroke patients. The maximal dosage used
in the toxicity test was up to 25 times the established effective dose in rats.
A detailed microscopic examination and analysis of brain tissue was performed to
detect any random, unwanted new axon growth in the brains of treated rats
compared to the brains of untreated control rats. This is important because non-
regulated axon growth could potentially cause bizarre changes in behavior,
personality or normal function. No increase in random, inappropriate axon growth
or proteins associated with such growth was detected.

     We are presently compiling the pre-clinical data required to be included in
an IND application. This data will include the results of efficacy and
toxicology studies in animals. We have initiated the design of the Phase I/II
trial, including the preparation of the trial protocol, and have held
discussions with a number of potential clinical sites. We hope to initiate Phase
I/II studies in patients who have suffered strokes as soon as possible. However,
there can be no assurances that the FDA will accept our IND submission or will
not request additional pre-clinical data before allowing us to initiate human
clinical trials.

  3. PARKINSON'S DISEASE THERAPEUTIC

     In June 1999, we initiated collaborative efforts on a group of new
therapeutic compounds developed by the same scientists who developed the
ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent. We believe that this group of compounds represents
a novel and promising approach to the treatment of PD. Each product candidate
in this group is a small tropane-based molecule that binds with extremely high
selectivity to the DAT, thereby blocking the reuptake of dopamine from nerve
connections. This blockade results in an increase in local dopamine
concentrations at the nerve junctions and thus compensates for the decreased
dopamine production characteristic of PD. We believe that the strategy of DAT
blockade represents a new approach to the treatment of PD.

     In February 2000, we announced preliminary results of a primate study
which demonstrated that one of these compounds, namely BLS-602, significantly
improved the symptoms of experimental PD. In these studies, monkeys with mild
to moderate PD were injected with either placebo or BLS-602. Movement was
scored using vests containing computer chips to quantify the gross movements of
the animals. Prior to treatment, the monkeys had extremely low scores due to
the rigidity of the induced PD. However, within one hour of drug injection,
movement scores increased to normal. The animals exhibited quantitative and
qualitative normal movement for up to 8 hours post-injection, and then reverted
to their former rigidity. A positive dose response effect to the drug was
correlated with a dose-related improvement in motion.

     In November 2000, we announced that BLS-602 had successfully reversed the
movement abnormalities exhibited by PD in primates in a more extensive second
round of experiments. This further success is positive because the
characteristics and method of action of this compound offers the potential that
side effects will be greatly reduced compared with other PD therapeutics
currently available.

     In September 2001, we acquired the licensing rights to these compounds.
The scientific basis for our development of a DAT blocker was supported by a
research paper, published in a September 2001 issue of the journal Science,
entitled "Dendrodendritic inhibition through reversal of dopamine transport."
The ground-breaking research described in the paper strongly implicates the DAT
as a major mediator of the brain damage that causes the symptoms of PD. While
we initially assumed that our DAT blockers would be effective in reducing the
symptoms of early PD, we did not have enough evidence to be able to assert that
they might also fundamentally change the course of the underlying disease. We
believe that we now have a concrete, scientific basis for the pursuit of such a
claim.

     We are conducting preclinical development studies of BLS-602 and other
compounds in this group in order to determine which candidate(s), if any,
should advance into human clinical trials.

  4. C-MAF

     In June 1996, we acquired the rights to a transcription factor called
C-MAF which has been shown, in preclinical in vitro tests, to regulate the
switching of T helper 1 ("Th1") cells into T helper 2 ("Th2") cells. We believe
that the ability to switch Th1 cells into Th2 cells (and vice versa) may be
significant in the treatment of autoimmune diseases and allergies. The
discovery of and potential role for this factor was the subject of a lead
article in the June 28, 1996 edition of Cell. When a gene encoding C-MAF was
inserted into Th1 cells, they transformed themselves into Th2 cells. Our
collaborating scientists have since accomplished the stable transfection of a
large proportion of T cells in culture, which is the first step in creating a
gene therapy product for clinical use. In a "Proof of Principle" experiment,
the C-MAF gene was inserted into a fertilized mouse egg. The T cells of the

                                      7
<PAGE>

fully developed animal all appeared to be of the Th2 subtype, thereby providing
evidence that one can transform an animal's T cells in vivo. In addition, our
collaborating scientists believe that they have identified the C-MAF promoter,
which could represent an ideal target for the development for small molecule
inhibition of the allergic/autoimmune response. A product based upon a
successful program in this area would potentially address a large cross-section
of autoimmune and allergic diseases.

     In addition to C-MAF, a second factor, called NIP-45, has been discovered
by our collaborating scientists which appears to synergize with C-MAF and other
factors to significantly boost transcription of the IL4 gene in Th2 cells.
Thus, a gene therapy strategy focused on either inserting the C-MAF gene alone,
or the C-MAF gene together with the NIP-45 gene, could potentially lead to the
development of a therapeutic product for the treatment of severe autoimmune
diseases, although results to date are preliminary. This approach to a
treatment for allergies requires the development of an inhibitor to C-MAF,
NIP-45, or both, in order to decrease the number of Th2 cells and to restore
the proper balance between the numbers of Th1 and Th2 cells at the site of
inflammation. In the case of asthma and hay fever, the optimal formulation
would be a small molecule that could be delivered via aerosol to the lung where
it would be incorporated into the Th2 cells surrounding the bronchi.

     In September 1999, we announced that we had entered into a development and
licensing agreement with Pfizer to further develop a major sector of our C-MAF
technology. Under the terms of the agreement, we will receive royalties on
eventual sales of any product derived from the development effort, with the goal
of developing a small molecule therapeutic drug for the treatment of a wide
range of allergies and asthma. According to the most recent "Progress Report,"
submitted to the Company, the initial phase of the collaboration has been
successful in identifying a number of small molecules that have specific C-MAF
inhibiting activity. These molecules were subsequently tested in whole-cell
assays, which have confirmed their ability to inhibit IL4 production after
stimulation. We believe that these results represent concrete progress towards
the identification of a lead compound with potential to inhibit IL4 product in
animals.

     In October 2001, we announced that C-MAF appears to effectively protect
animals from a type of autoimmune diabetes. These findings, published in the
journal Diabetes (vol. 50; 39-46; 2001) represent the first published evidence
of the potential effectiveness of a gene-therapy approach using C-MAF to treat
or halt the progression of Type I diabetes in children. A U.S. patent covering
the nucleic acid sequence of human C-MAF was issued on August 14, 2001. Patent
claims for methods of producing and modulating human C-MAF for therapy are
pending. Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes results from autoimmune
destruction of insulin-producing cells in the pancreas. Type I diabetes affects
approximately 1 million individuals in the U.S., and there are approximately
60,000 new cases diagnosed annually in children. The only current therapy is
life-long insulin replacement.

  5. FLOURATEC(TM) IMAGING AGENT

     In December 1998, we announced that we had started preclinical development
on a "second generation" technetium-based compound for the diagnosis of PD.
This compound differs from the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent in structure and in
the advantageous substitution of technetium for iodine as the radio-ligand.
Subsequent research has shown that this agent can differentiate PD from normal,
but comprehensive data on its performance in human subjects as compared to the
ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent is not yet available. However, primate studies
using the technetium compound have demonstrated that this compound is taken up
by the normal striatum in sufficient quantity to provide an easily readable
image. Primates with experimentally-induced PD had markedly decreased uptake of
the compound. Radiation dosimetry, pharmacokinetic, and toxicology studies were
all favorable. Based on these pre-clinical results, a Physician's Sponsored IND
was filed with the FDA and subsequently studies with the FLUORATEC(TM) imaging
agent were performed in healthy volunteers. The image quality was comparable to
that obtained with the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent. We believe that the ability
to eventually follow the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent to market with a
second-generation technetium product would give us a long-term competitive
advantage in this rapidly emerging diagnostic area.

SCIENTIFIC COLLABORATORS

     A summary of the principal scientific, research and development
professionals associated with the Company, and a composite of their
professional background and affiliations is as follows:

     Larry I. Benowitz, Ph.D., Director, Laboratories for Neuroscience Research
in Neurosurgery, Children's Hospital, Boston; Associate Professor of
Neuroscience, Department of Surgery, Harvard Medical School;

     Alan J. Fischman, M.D., Ph.D., Chief, Department of Nuclear Medicine,
Massachusetts General Hospital;

                                      8
<PAGE>

Professor of Radiology, Harvard Medical School;

     Robert S. Langer, Sc.D., Germeshausen Professor of Chemical and Biomedical
Engineering, Massachusetts Institute of Technology;

     Robert Licho, M.D., Director of Medical Imaging, Boston Life Sciences,
Inc.; Nuclear Medicine Physician, University of Massachusetts/Memorial Medical
Center; Associate Professor of Radiology, University of Massachusetts Medical
School;

     Bertha K. Madras, Ph.D., Professor of Psychobiology, Department of
Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School;

     Peter Meltzer, Ph.D., President, Organix, Inc., Woburn, MA;

     Marsha A. Moses, Ph.D., Associate Professor, Harvard Medical School and
Children's Hospital; and

     Lee P. Schacter PhD, M.D., Director of Cancer Research, Boston Life
Sciences, Inc.; President PhaseN Consulting.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     We rely on licensing from third parties, principally Harvard and its
Affiliates, as our source for new technologies and product candidates and we
maintain only limited internal research and development personnel and
facilities. Research and development expenses for the years ended December 31,
2001, 2000 and 1999 were $7.4 million, $8.6 million and $10.4 million,
respectively.

LICENSING AGREEMENTS, PATENTS AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

     The Company has obtained exclusive licenses to patent portfolios that
cover each of our products in development. Additional licenses are currently
being negotiated for additional patent properties that will extend our
protection. The licenses in place provide for milestone payments and royalties
based on product sales or revenues, at rates that are consistent with those
standard in the industry. We generally have a first option to license
additional technologies invented or discovered during the course of related
research programs funded by us. There can be no assurance that such research
will lead to the discovery of new technologies or that we will be able to
obtain a license for any newly discovered technologies on acceptable terms, if
at all.

     Our patent strategy is to pursue patent protection in the U.S. and in
major developed countries for our technologies. At December 31, 2001, we owned
or licensed 21 issued U.S. patents and had 39 pending patent applications in
the U.S. to protect our proprietary methods and processes. We have also filed
corresponding foreign patent applications for certain of these U.S. patent
applications. As of December 31, 2001, our patent portfolio outside the U.S.
comprised of 49 issued patents and over 74 pending patent applications. The
issued U.S. patents relate to imaging the central nervous system, nerve
regeneration, angiogenesis inhibition, and transcription factors and their
therapeutic use. Our goal is to obtain broad patent protection for our
technologies and their related medical indications.

     The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies,
including ours, are uncertain and involve complex and evolving legal and
factual questions. The patent application and issuance process generally takes
at least several years and is usually very expensive without any guarantee that
a patent will be issued. In many cases, our know-how and technology may not be
patentable, and if it is, the coverage sought in a patent application can be
denied or significantly reduced before or after the patent is issued. Since
patent applications are secret until the applications are published and since
publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature often lags
behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make
inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications or that we were
the first to file patent applications for such inventions. There can be no
assurance that patents will issue from our pending or future patent
applications or, if issued, that such patents will be of commercial benefit to
us, afford us adequate protection from competing products, or not be challenged
or declared invalid. In addition, even if we secure patent protection, our
products may still infringe on the patents or rights of other parties, and they
may decide not to grant a license to us. We may have to change our products or
processes, engage in legal challenges to the validity of third party patents
that block our ability to market a product,

                                      9
<PAGE>

pay licensing fees or stop certain activities because of the patent rights of
third parties, any of which could cause additional unexpected costs and delays.

     In the event that a third party has also filed a patent application
relating to inventions claimed in our patent applications, we may have to
participate in interference proceedings declared by the United States Patent
and Trademark Office to determine priority of invention, which could result in
substantial uncertainties and cost for us, even if the eventual outcome is
favorable to us. We cannot provide assurance that our patents and patent
applications, if issued, would be held valid by a court of competent
jurisdiction.

     We also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how. We seek to protect
this information primarily through confidentiality agreements with our
collaborators and consultants, but there can be no guarantee that these
agreements will not be breached or that we will have adequate remedies for such
breach. In addition, if consultants, scientific advisors, or other third
parties apply technological information which they have developed separate from
us to our technologies, there may be disputes as to the ownership of such
information which may not be resolved in our favor.

COMPETITION

     The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are highly competitive and
are dominated by larger, more experienced and better capitalized companies.
Thus, we compete with a number of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies
which have financial, technical and marketing resources and experience
significantly greater than ours. Such greater experience and financial strength
may enable them to bring their products to market sooner than us, thereby
gaining a competitive advantage. In addition, research on the causes of, and
possible treatments for diseases for which we are trying to develop products,
including cancer, PD, ADHD, CNS disorders and certain autoimmune diseases, are
developing rapidly, and there is a potential for extensive technological
innovation in relatively short periods of time. Given that many of our
competitors have greater financial resources, there can be no assurance that we
will be able to keep pace with any new technological developments. In addition,
many of our competitors and potential competitors have significantly greater
experience than we do in completing preclinical and clinical testing of new
pharmaceutical products and obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of
products, which could also enable them to bring products to market faster than
we do.

     We expect that our products will compete with a variety of products
currently offered and under development by a number of pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies that have greater financial and marketing resources
than ours. The Company believes that its products, if successfully developed,
will compete with these products principally on the basis of improved and
extended efficacy and safety and the overall economic benefit to the health
care system offered by such products. However, there can be no assurance that
our products, if developed, will achieve better efficacy and safety profiles
than current drugs now offered or products under development by our
competitors. Competition among pharmaceutical products approved for sale also
may be based on, among other things, patent position, availability and price.
In addition, we expect that our competitors will have greater marketing
resources and experience than we do, which may enable them to market their
products more successfully than we market ours.

     A significant amount of research and development in the biotechnology
industry is conducted by academic institutions, governmental agencies and other
public and private research organizations. We possess only limited internal
research and development facilities and personnel and rely on collaborations
with these entities (principally, Harvard and its Affiliates) to acquire new
technologies and product candidates. These entities often seek patent
protection and enter into licensing arrangements to collect royalties for use
of technology or for the sale of products they have discovered or developed. We
face competition in our licensing or acquisition activities from pharmaceutical
companies and biotechnology companies that also seek to collaborate with or
acquire technologies or product candidates from these entities. Accordingly, we
may have difficulty licensing or acquiring technologies or product candidates
on acceptable terms.

REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS

     Our technologies must undergo a rigorous regulatory approval process,
which includes extensive preclinical and clinical testing, to demonstrate
safety and efficiency before any resulting product can be marketed. To date,
neither the FDA nor any of its international equivalents has approved any of
our technologies for marketing. In the biotechnology industry, it has been
estimated that less than five percent of the technologies for which clinical
efforts are initiated ultimately result in an approved product. The clinical
trial and regulatory approval process can require many years and substantial
cost, and there can be no guarantee that our efforts will result in an approved
product.

                                      10
<PAGE>

     Our activities are regulated by a number of government authorities in the
United States and other countries, including the FDA pursuant to the Federal
Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. The FDA regulates pharmaceutical products,
including their manufacture and labeling. Data obtained from testing is subject
to varying interpretations which can delay, limit or prevent FDA approval. In
addition, changes in existing regulatory requirements could prevent or affect
the timing of our ability to achieve regulatory compliance. Federal and state
laws, regulations and policies may be changed with possible retroactive effect,
and how these rules actually operate can depend heavily on administrative
policies and interpretations over which we have no control.

     Obtaining FDA clearances is time-consuming and expensive. The steps
required before our potential products may be marketed in the United States
include (i) preclinical laboratory and animal tests, (ii) the submission to the
FDA of an application for an Investigational New Drug Exemption, which must
become effective before U.S. human clinical trials may commence, (iii) adequate
and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy
of the product, (iv) the submission to the FDA of a marketing authorization
application(s) and (v) FDA approval of the application(s) prior to any
commercial sale or shipment of the drug. There is no guarantee that such
clearances will be granted to any of our potential products, or that the FDA
review process will not involve delays that significantly and negatively affect
our potential products. We also may encounter similar delays in foreign
countries. In addition, even if we receive regulatory clearances, they may have
significant limitations on the uses for which any approved products may be
marketed. In addition, any marketed product and its manufacturer are subject to
periodic review and any discovery of previously unrecognized problems with a
product or manufacturer could result in suspension or limitation of approvals.

MANUFACTURING

     We currently outsource manufacturing for all of our products, with the
exception of Troponin, and expect to continue to outsource manufacturing in the
future. We believe our current suppliers will be able to manufacture our
products efficiently in sufficient quantities and on a timely basis, while
maintaining product quality. We seek to maintain quality control over
manufacturing through ongoing inspections, rigorous review, control over
documented operating procedures and thorough analytical testing by outside
laboratories. We believe that our current strategy of primarily outsourcing
manufacturing is cost-effective since we avoid the high fixed costs of plant,
equipment and large manufacturing staffs.

     In May 2001, we entered into a lease agreement for certain laboratory
space in Baltimore, Maryland. We acquired this space in connection with our
hiring of a Senior Vice President of Protein Development to support our efforts
to establish a consistent manufacturing process for Troponin. In November 2001,
we increased the amount of space we are leasing in Baltimore by approximately
36% to a total of approximately 2,200 square feet. In March 2002, we announced
that we had initiated regular production of Troponin at this facility. Our
manufacturing team is now able to produce all anticipated clinical trial
material, using our internally developed, proprietary manufacturing process. We
are now able to purify a "batch" of Troponin in 24 hours, compared to the four
days required by our previous contract manufacturer. This increased efficiency
has resulted in higher yield and improved biologic activity in the final
product. We believe that this in-house production should result in substantial
cost and time savings. We are currently in the process of converting our
Baltimore, MD facility from GLP production capability to full GMP production
capability to meet FDA requirements for human-use material. There can be no
assurances that we can successfully upgrade the facility to GMP standards.

MARKETING AND SALES

     We continue to evaluate opportunities for corporate alliances and partners
to assist us in developing, commercializing and marketing our products. Our
strategy is to enter into collaborative arrangements with pharmaceutical and
other companies for the development, manufacturing, marketing and sales of our
products that will require extensive marketing capabilities, including
internationally. These collaborators are generally expected to be responsible
for funding or reimbursing all or a portion of the development costs, including
the costs of clinical testing necessary to obtain regulatory approvals and for
commercial manufacturing, in exchange for rights to market certain products in
particular geographic territories.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     This Item and other Items in this report contain "forward-looking"
information as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform
act of 1995 or by the Securities and Exchange Commission in its rules,
regulations and releases. This information includes statements on the prospects
for our drug development activities

                                      11
<PAGE>

and results of operations based on our current expectations, such as statements
regarding certain milestones with respect to the our technologies and product
candidates. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical
facts, and can be identified by, among other things, the use of forward-looking
language, such as "believe," "expect," "may," "will," "should," "seeks,"
"plans," "schedule to," "anticipates" or "intends" or the negative of those
terms, or other variations of those terms of comparable language, or by
discussions of strategy or intentions. In particular, these forward-looking
statements include statements relating to present or anticipated scientific
progress, development or regulatory approval of potential products, future
revenues, capital expenditures, research and development expenditures, present
and future collaborations, intellectual property, personnel and manufacturing
requirements and capabilities. We caution investors that such forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance, and that known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those risks factors
identified below, in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere in this report, may cause
actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. In
addition, we caution you that forward-looking statements speak only as of the
date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update them, even if our
experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed
or implied herein will not be realized.

RISK FACTORS

     We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of
risks, some of which are beyond our control. The following discussion
highlights some of these risks and others are discussed elsewhere herein.

     We are a development stage company, we have always had losses from our
operations and we expect future losses. We will never be profitable unless we
develop, and obtain regulatory approval and market acceptance of, our product
candidates.

     We are a development stage company and have always had losses from our
operations. We have never generated revenues from product sales and we do not
currently expect to generate revenues from product sales for at least the next
twelve months, and probably longer. There can be no guarantee that we will ever
generate revenues or operating profits, or that if we do generate revenues or
operating profits, that we will be able to continue to do so.

     As of December 31, 2001, we have incurred total net losses since inception
of approximately $75 million. To date, we have dedicated most of our financial
resources to the research and development of our product candidates,
preclinical compounds, and other technologies (which we collectively refer to
in this document as our "technologies"), general and administrative expenses
and costs related to obtaining and protecting patents. We expect to incur
significant operating losses for at least the next eighteen months, and
probably longer, primarily due to the continued expenditures necessary to
support progress of our research and development programs, including
preclinical studies and clinical trials.

     Our ability to generate revenue and operating income in the future will
depend on many factors including:

     .    The progress of our research and development activities and our
          clinical trials, and the degree to which we encounter the problems,
          delays, and other complications frequently experienced by
          development stage biotechnology companies;

     .    Our ability to successfully negotiate economically feasible
          collaborative research, manufacturing, marketing and/or other
          agreements, and subsequently meet the terms of such agreements;

     .    The cost and timing of, and success in, obtaining FDA and other
          regulatory approvals of our products;

     .    The cost of protecting our patent claims and other intellectual
          property rights;

     .    Manufacturing costs and the market acceptance of our products at
          prices sufficient to generate adequate profits; and

     .    Competing technologies and changes in economic, regulatory or
          competitive conditions of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology
          industry.

We will likely require additional funding in the future in order to continue
our business and operations as currently conducted. If we are unable to secure
such funding on acceptable terms, we may need to significantly

                                      12
<PAGE>

reduce or even cease one or more of our research or development programs, or we
may be required to obtain funds through arrangements with others that may
require us to surrender rights to some or all of our technologies.

     We spend a significant amount for research and development, including
preclinical studies and clinical trials of our technologies. We believe that
the cash, cash equivalents, and investments available at December 31, 2001,
combined with approximately $3 million in net proceeds raised in a private
placement completed in March 2002, will provide sufficient working capital to
meet our anticipated expenditures for more than the next twelve months.
Thereafter, we may need to raise substantial additional capital if we are
unable to generate sufficient revenue from product sales or through
collaborative arrangements with third parties. To date, we have always
experienced negative cash flows from operations and have funded our operations
primarily from equity financings. If adequate funds are not readily available,
we may need to significantly reduce or even cease one or more of our research
or development programs. Alternatively, to secure such funds, we may be
required to enter financing arrangements with others that may require us to
surrender rights to some or all of our technologies. If the results of our
current or future clinical trials are not favorable, it may negatively affect
our ability to raise additional funds. If we are successful in obtaining
additional equity financing, the terms of such financing will have the effect
of diluting the holdings and the rights of our stockholders. Estimates about
how much funding will be required are based on a number of assumptions, all of
which are subject to change based on the results and progress of our research
and development activities.

     Our technologies and product candidates are in the early stages of
development and may not result in marketed products at all.

     Successful research and product development in the biotechnology industry
is highly uncertain, and very few research and development projects produce a
commercial product. Product candidates that appear promising in the early
phases of development, such as in preclinical study or in early human clinical
trials, may fail to reach the market for a number of reasons, such as:

     .    The product candidate fails to demonstrate safety and efficacy in
          pivotal clinical trials even though it demonstrated positive
          preclinical or early-stage clinical trial results;

     .    The necessary regulatory bodies (such as the FDA) fail to approve
          the product candidate;

     .    The product candidate cannot be manufactured by or for us on an
          economic basis;

     .    Other companies or people possess proprietary rights that prevent
          our product candidate from being marketed and they will not provide
          us with a license on reasonable terms, or at all; or

     .    The product candidate is not cost effective in light of existing
          drugs.

     With the exception of the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent, all of our
technologies and early-stage product candidates are in preclinical development
and we have not yet submitted INDs, for these product candidates, which will be
required before we can begin clinical trials in the United States. We may not
submit INDs for these candidates as planned and the FDA may not permit us to
proceed with clinical trials. We may abandon further development efforts before
the products reach clinical trials. We do not know what the cost to manufacture
these products in commercial quantities will be, or the dose required to treat
patients. We do not know whether any of these product candidates ultimately
will be shown to be safe and effective. If we are unable to successfully
develop and commercialize our technologies and early-stage product candidates,
our business and results of operations will be harmed.

     If we are unable to secure adequate patent protection for our
technologies, then we may not be able to compete effectively as a biotechnology
company.

     At the present time, we do not have patent protection for all uses of our
technologies. There is significant competition in our primary scientific areas
of research and development including CNS disorders, cancer, and certain
autoimmune diseases. Such competitors will seek patent protection for their
technologies, and such patent applications or rights might conflict with the
patent protection that we are seeking for our technologies. If we do not obtain
patent protection for our technologies, or if others obtain patent rights that
block our ability to develop and market our technologies, our business
prospects may be significantly and negatively affected. Further, even if
patents can be obtained, there can be no guarantee that these patents will
provide us with any competitive advantage.

                                      13
<PAGE>

     Our patent strategy is to obtain broad patent protection, in the U.S. and
in major developed countries, for our technologies and their related medical
indications. The patent application and issuance process generally takes at
least several years and is usually very expensive without any guarantee that a
patent will be issued. In many cases, our know-how and technology may not be
patentable. Risks associated with protecting our patent and proprietary rights
include the following:

     .    Our ability to protect our technologies could be delayed or
          negatively affected if the United States Patent and Trademark
          Office (the "USPTO") requires additional experimental evidence that
          our technologies work;

     .    Our competitors may develop similar technologies or products, or
          duplicate any technology developed by us;

     .    Our competitors may develop products which are similar to ours but
          which do not infringe on our patents or products, or a third party
          may successfully challenge one or more of our patents in an
          interference or litigation proceeding;

     .    Our patents may infringe on the patents or rights of other parties
          which may decide not to grant a license to us. We may have to
          change our products or processes, pay licensing fees or stop
          certain activities because of the patent rights of third parties
          which could cause additional unexpected costs and delays;

     .    Patent law in the fields of healthcare and biotechnology is still
          evolving and future changes in such laws might conflict with our
          existing or future patent rights, or the rights of others;

     .    Our collaborators, employees and consultants may breach the
          confidentiality agreements that we enter to protect our trade
          secrets and proprietary know-how. We may not have adequate remedies
          for such breach; and

     .    There may be disputes as to the ownership of technological
          information developed by consultants, scientific advisors or other
          third parties which may not be resolved in our favor.

  We are dependent on expert advisors and institutional collaborations.

     Most biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have established internal
research and development programs, including their own facilities and employees
which are under their direct control. By contrast, until recently, when we
initiated limited internal research capability, we have always outsourced all
of our research and development, preclinical and clinical activities. As a
result, we are dependent upon our network of expert advisors, including the
individuals who serve on our Scientific Advisory Board, and our collaborations
with key medical and research institutions for the development of our
technologies. These expert advisors are not our employees but provide us with
important information and knowledge that may enhance our product development
strategies and plans. Our collaborations with key medical and research
institutions are important for some of the testing and evaluation of our
technologies. The loss of relationships with our expert advisors or medical and
research institutions could harm our ability to develop our technologies.

     We cannot control the amount and timing of resources our advisors and
collaborators devote to our programs or technologies. Our advisors and
collaborators may have commitments to, or consulting or advisory contracts
with, other entities that may limit their availability to us. If any of our
advisors or collaborators were to breach or terminate their agreement with us
or otherwise fail to conduct their activities successfully and in a timely
manner, the preclinical or clinical development or commercialization of our
technologies or our research programs could be delayed or terminated. Any such
delay or termination could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations.

     Disputes may arise in the future with respect to the ownership of rights
to any technology developed with our advisors or collaborators. These and other
possible disagreements could lead to delays in the collaborative research,
development or commercialization of our technologies, or could require or
result in litigation to resolve. Any such event could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

     Our advisors and collaborators sign agreements that provide for
confidentiality of our proprietary information. We cannot provide assurance
that we will be able to maintain the confidentiality of our technology and
other confidential information in connection with every advisory or
collaboration arrangement, and any unauthorized

                                      14
<PAGE>

dissemination of our confidential information could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further,
there can be no assurance that any of these advisors or collaborators will not
enter into an employment or consulting arrangement with one or more of our
competitors.

  If we are unable to maintain our key working relationships with Harvard and
its Affiliates, we may not be successful since substantially all of our current
technologies were licensed from, and most of our research and development
activities were performed by, Harvard and its Affiliates.

     Historically, we have been heavily dependent on our relationship with
Harvard and its Affiliates because substantially all of our technologies were
licensed from, and most of our research and development activities were
performed by, Harvard University and its Affiliates. Now that a portion of our
early-stage research at Harvard has yielded an identified product in each area
of research, we have begun and expect to continue to conduct much of our later
stage development work and all of our formal preclinical and clinical programs
outside of Harvard. Nevertheless, the originating scientists still play
important advisory roles. Each of our collaborative research agreements is
managed by a sponsoring scientist and/or researcher who has his or her own
independent affiliation with Harvard and its Affiliates.

     Universities and other not-for-profit research institutions are becoming
increasingly aware of the commercial value of their findings and are becoming
more active in seeking patent protection and licensing arrangements to collect
royalties for the use of technology that they have developed. There can be no
guarantee that we will be able to obtain new technologies from Harvard and its
affiliates or that we can continue to meet our obligations under existing
arrangements.

  If we are unable to retain our key personnel and/or recruit additional key
personnel in the future, then we may not be able to operate effectively.

     Our success depends significantly upon our ability to attract and retain
highly qualified scientific and management personnel who are able to formulate,
implement and maintain the operations of a biotechnology company such as ours.
As an example, Marc E. Lanser, our Chief Scientific Officer, was formerly on
the staff of, and maintains close affiliations with Harvard Medical School and
its affiliates. Substantially all of our technologies were licensed from
Harvard and its Affiliates. Our past ability to secure these licenses and to
enter into sponsored research and development agreements with Harvard was
enhanced by Dr. Lanser's affiliations and familiarity with the Harvard Medical
School and its affiliates.

     We currently outsource most of our research and development, preclinical
and clinical activities. If we decide to increase our internal research and
development capabilities for any of our technologies, we may need to hire
additional key management and scientific personnel to assist the limited number
of employees that we currently employ. There is significant competition for
such personnel from other companies, research and academic institutions,
government entities and other organizations. If we fail to attract such
personnel, it could have a significant negative effect on our ability to
develop our technologies. There can be no guarantee that we will be successful
in hiring or retaining the personnel that may be required for such activities
in the future.

  If we are unable to establish, maintain and rely on new collaborative
relationships, then we may not be able to successfully develop and
commercialize our technologies.

     To date, our operations have primarily focused on the pre-clinical
development of most of our technologies, as well as conducting clinical trials
for certain of our technologies. During the next eighteen months, we currently
expect that the continued development of our technologies will result in the
initiation of additional clinical trials, and the market introduction of any
product for which regulatory approval is obtained. We expect that these
developments will require us to establish, maintain and rely on new
collaborative relationships in order to successfully develop and commercialize
our technologies. There is no certainty that:

     .    We will be able to enter into such collaborations on economically
          feasible and otherwise acceptable terms and conditions;

     .    That such collaborations will not require us to undertake
          substantial additional obligations or require us to devote
          additional resources beyond those we have identified at present;

     .    That any of our collaborators will not breach or terminate their
          agreement with us or otherwise fail to conduct their activities on
          time, thereby delaying the development or commercialization of the
          technology

                                      15
<PAGE>

          for which the parties are collaborating; and

     .    The parties will not dispute the ownership rights to any
          technologies developed under such collaborations.

     If we are not able to establish or maintain the necessary collaborative
arrangements, we will need more money to research and develop technologies on
our own and we may encounter delays in introducing our products.

  Because the current environment of rapid technological change requires
significant financial, technical and marketing resources to successfully
develop and market products, some of our competitors may have an advantage in
developing and marketing products.

     The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are highly competitive and
are dominated by larger, more experienced and better capitalized companies.
Such greater experience and financial strength may enable them to bring their
products to market sooner than us, thereby gaining the competitive advantage of
being the first to market. Research on the causes of, and possible treatments
for diseases for which we are trying to develop therapeutic or diagnostic
products, including cancer, PD, ADHD, CNS disorders and certain autoimmune
diseases, are developing rapidly, and there is a potential for extensive
technological innovation in relatively short periods of time. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to keep pace with any new technological
developments. Factors affecting our ability to successfully manage the
technological changes occurring in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical
industries as well as our ability to successfully compete include:

     .    Many of our potential competitors have significantly greater
          experience than we do in completing preclinical and clinical
          testing of new pharmaceutical products and obtaining FDA and other
          regulatory approvals of products;

     .    We compete with a number of pharmaceutical and biotechnology
          companies which have financial, technical and marketing resources
          significantly greater than ours; and

     .    Companies with established positions and prior experience in the
          pharmaceutical industry may be better able to develop and market
          products for the treatment of those diseases for which we are
          trying to develop products.

  If our technologies are unable to successfully complete, or are adversely
effected by, the extensive regulatory process, then we may not be able to
market our products and technologies.

     Our technologies must undergo a rigorous regulatory approval process,
which includes extensive preclinical and clinical testing to demonstrate safety
and efficacy before any resulting product can be marketed. To date, neither the
FDA nor any of its international equivalents has approved any of our
technologies for marketing. In the biotechnology industry, it has been
estimated that less than five percent of the technologies for which clinical
efforts are initiated ultimately result in an approved product. The clinical
trial and regulatory approval process can require many years and substantial
cost, and there can be no guarantee that our efforts will result in an approved
product.

     Our activities are regulated by a number of government authorities in the
United States and other countries, including the FDA pursuant to the Federal
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. The FDA regulates pharmaceutical products,
including their testing, manufacturing and marketing. Data obtained from
testing is subject to varying interpretations which can delay, limit or prevent
FDA approval. Risks associated with the regulatory approval process include:

     .    Obtaining FDA clearances is time-consuming and expensive, and
          there is no guarantee that such clearances will be granted or that
          the FDA review process will not involve delays that significantly
          and negatively affect our products. We may encounter similar delays
          in foreign countries;

     .    Regulatory clearances may impose significant limitations on the
          uses for which any approved products may be marketed;

     .    Any marketed product and its manufacturer are subject to periodic
          review and any discovery of previously unrecognized problems with a
          product or manufacturer could result in suspension or limitation of
          approvals; and

     .    Changes in existing regulatory requirements could prevent or
          affect the timing of our ability to achieve

                                      16
<PAGE>

          regulatory compliance. Federal and state laws, regulations and
          policies may be changed with possible retroactive effect, and how
          these rules actually operate can depend heavily on administrative
          policies and interpretations over which we have no control or
          inadequate experience to assess their full impact upon our business.

  If we are unable to obtain adequate insurance coverage and reimbursement
levels for any of our products which are approved and enter the market, then
they may not be accepted by physicians and patients.

     Substantially all biotechnology products are distributed to patients by
physicians and hospitals, and in most cases, such patients rely on insurance
coverage and reimbursement to pay for some or all of the cost of the product.
In recent years, the continuing efforts of government and third party payers to
contain or reduce health care costs have limited, and in certain cases
prevented, physicians and patients from receiving insurance coverage and
reimbursement for medical products, especially newer technologies. Our ability
to generate adequate revenues and operating profits could be adversely affected
if such limitations or restrictions are placed on the sale of our products.
Specific risks associated with medical insurance coverage and reimbursement
include:

     .    Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of
          newly approved health care products, and third-party payers are
          increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products
          and services;

     .    There can be no guarantee that adequate insurance coverage will be
          available to allow us to charge prices for products which are
          adequate for us to realize an appropriate return on our cost for
          developing these technologies. If adequate coverage and
          reimbursement are not provided for use of our products, the market
          acceptance of these products will be negatively affected;

     .    Health maintenance organizations and other managed care companies
          may seek to negotiate substantial volume discounts for the sale of
          our products to their members thereby reducing our profit margins;
          and

     .    In recent years, bills proposing comprehensive health care reform
          have been introduced in Congress that would potentially limit
          pharmaceutical prices and establish mandatory or voluntary refunds.
          There can be no guarantee that such proposals will not negatively
          affect us. It is uncertain if any legislative proposals will be
          adopted and how federal, state or private payers for health care
          goods and services will respond to any health care reforms.

  We have limited manufacturing capacity and marketing experience and expect to
be heavily dependent upon third parties to manufacture and market approved
products.

     We currently have limited manufacturing facilities for either clinical
trial or commercial quantities of any of our technologies and currently have no
plans to obtain additional facilities. To date, we have obtained the limited
amount of quantities required for preclinical and clinical trials from contract
manufacturing companies. We intend to continue using contract manufacturing
arrangements with experienced firms for the supply of material for both
clinical trials and any eventual commercial sale, with the exception of
Troponin, which we presently plan to produce in our facility in Baltimore,
Maryland.

     We will depend upon third parties to produce and deliver products in
accordance with all FDA and other governmental regulations. For example, with
respect to our most advanced product candidate, the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging
agent, we have entered into an agreement with, and are highly dependent upon,
MDS Nordion. The agreement provides for MDS Nordion to manufacture the
ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent for our future clinical trials and, if the drug is
approved, for commercial supply. The agreement also provides that MDS Nordion
will compile and prepare the information regarding manufacturing that will be a
required component of any NDA we file for the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent in
the future. There can be no guarantee that MDS Nordion or any similar parties
will consistently perform their obligations in a timely fashion and in
accordance with the applicable regulations. There can be no guarantee that we
will be able to contract with manufacturers who can fulfill our requirements
for quality, quantity and timeliness, or that we would be able to find
substitute manufacturers, if necessary. The failure by any third party to
perform their obligations may delay clinical trials, the commercialization of
products, and the ability to supply product for sale.

     We do not have any experience in marketing pharmaceutical products. In
order to earn a profit on any future product, we will be required to either
enter into arrangements with third parties with respect to marketing the
products or internally develop such marketing capability. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to enter into marketing agreements with others
on acceptable terms, or that we can successfully develop such capability on

                                      17
<PAGE>

our own.

  We have options and warrants outstanding which, when exercised or converted,
may cause dilution to our stockholders.

     As of December 31, 2001, options and warrants to purchase approximately
8.6 million shares of our common stock were outstanding at exercise prices
ranging from $0.63-$15.00 per share. Approximately 1.4 million of these
previously granted options and warrants have exercise prices of $3.00 per share
and below, and approximately 7.2 million have exercise prices above $3.00 per
share. Approximately 1.9 million warrants contain anti-dilution provisions that
will decrease the exercise price of these instruments if we sell common stock
at a price below the exercise price of these warrants, with some limited
exceptions. Of these 1.9 million warrants, 1.7 million warrants contain
additional provisions that could result in the Company issuing additional
warrants to these warrant holders if we sell common stock at a price below the
exercise price of these warrants. Approximately 500,000 warrants contain a
provision that will decrease the exercise price of these instruments, if, on
the second anniversary of the original transaction, the market price of our
common stock is less than the exercise price on such date. The Company is also
obligated to issue to a certain warrantholder additional warrants in an amount
equal to 9.9% of the increase in common stock outstanding through June 30,
2004, provided that the total number of such additional warrants cannot exceed
240,000. Any of the foregoing provisions could motivate the holders of these
instruments to sell our common stock short in the public market which could
negatively affect our stock price. The exercise of our options and warrants
will dilute the percentage ownership interest of our current stockholders. In
addition, the terms upon which we would be able to obtain additional money
through the sale of our stock may be negatively affected by the existence of
these warrants and options because new investors may be concerned about the
impact upon the future market price of the stock if these warrants and options
were consistently exercised and the underlying stock sold.

  Our stock price may continue to be volatile and can be effected by factors
unrelated to our business and operating performance.

     The market prices for securities of biotechnology and emerging
pharmaceutical companies in general have been highly volatile and may continue
to be highly volatile in the future. The stock market has from time to time
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market
prices for biotechnology and emerging pharmaceutical companies. These price and
volume fluctuations have often been unrelated to the operating performance of
such companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market
price of our common stock. The following factors, in addition to other risk
factors described in this section, may have a significant impact on the market
price of our common stock:

     .    Announcements of technological innovations or new commercial
          products by our competitors or us;

     .    Announcements in the scientific and research community;

     .    Developments concerning proprietary rights, including patents;

     .    Delay or failure in initiating, conducting, completing or
          analyzing clinical trials or problems relating to the design,
          conduct or results of these trials;

     .    Developments concerning our collaborations;

     .    Publicity regarding actual or potential medical results relating
          to products under development by our competitors or us;

     .    Conditions and publicity regarding the life sciences industry
          generally;

     .    Regulatory developments in the U.S. and foreign countries;

     .    Period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results;

     .    Differences in actual financial results versus financial estimates
          by securities analysts and changes in those estimates; and

     .    Litigation.

                                      18
<PAGE>

     Securities class action litigation is often initiated against companies
following periods of volatility in the market price of the companies'
securities. Engaging in securities litigation could result in substantial costs
for us and divert management's attention and resources, potentially resulting
in serious harm to our business. If securities litigation against us is
successful, we could incur significant costs or damages.

  We have implemented anti-takeover provisions which could discourage or prevent
a takeover, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders.

     Provisions of our shareholder rights plan, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware
law, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if
doing so would be beneficial to our stockholders. If a change of control is
delayed or prevented the market price of our common stock could suffer.

EMPLOYEES

     As of December 31, 2001, the Company currently employed 14 individuals
full-time, five of whom hold Ph.D. and/or M.D. degrees and another six of whom
hold other advanced degrees. In addition, the Company has engaged the services
of eight individuals as scientific collaborators to the Company on a contractual
basis. None of the Company's employees is covered by a collective bargaining
agreement. The Company considers its employee relations to be good.

ITEM 2.     PROPERTIES.

     As of December 31, 2001, the Company's corporate office is located in
Boston, Massachusetts. The lease on this 5,200 square foot facility expires in
June 2002. During the term of the lease on its current corporate offices, the
number of employees increased relatively significantly. Related to such growth,
on January 28, 2002, the Company entered into a ten-year lease on a 6,600
square foot facility located in Boston, Massachusetts. The new lease contains
provisions whereby the Company can sublet all or part of the space and fully
retain any sublease income generated. During 2001, the Company entered into a
lease for 2,200 square feet of laboratory space located in Baltimore, Maryland
that expires in May 2004 and can be renewed by the Company for an additional
two-year period. The Company believes that its existing facilities are adequate
for its present and anticipated purposes, except that additional facilities
will be needed if the Company elects to expand its laboratory and/or
manufacturing activities.

ITEM 3.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

     The Company is subject to legal proceedings in the normal course of
business. We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings.

ITEM 4.     SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

     The Company did not submit any matter to the vote of its security holders
during the fourth quarter of 2001.

                                      19
<PAGE>

ITEM 4A.    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

The following is a list of the executive officers of the Company and their
principal positions with the Company. Except for S. David Hillson, Esq., who is
employed pursuant to employment agreements, each individual officer serves at
the pleasure of the Board of Directors.

         Name              Age              Position
         ----              ---              --------
S. David Hillson, Esq.     62       Chairman of the Board of Directors,
                                      President and Chief Executive Officer
Marc E. Lanser, M.D.       53       Director, Executive Vice President and
                                      Chief Scientific Officer
Joseph P. Hernon, CPA      42       Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
                                      Officer and Secretary

     S. David Hillson, Esq. Mr. Hillson has served as President and Chief
Executive Officer (and member of the Board of Directors) of BLSI since June
1995. He has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors since September 1996.
Prior to his responsibilities at BLSI, Mr. Hillson was Senior Vice President of
Josephthal, Lyon & Ross in the research and investment banking divisions in
1994, and was the Senior Managing Director, investment banking, at The Stamford
Company in New York City from November 1992 to January 1994. Mr. Hillson was an
Executive Vice President of the asset management division of Mabon Securities
from October 1990 until October 1992. Earlier in his 15-year career as an
investment manager, Mr. Hillson was a Senior Vice President with Shearson,
Lehman, Hutton from 1983 to 1990, where he managed three mutual funds,
primarily in the emerging growth area, for the SLH Asset Management division.
Prior to his fund management responsibilities, he was the Chairman of the
Equity Committee for Hutton Investment Management (1976-1982). He started his
business career as an attorney in New York City, having received his Juris
Doctorate from New York University School of Law. He also attended the Columbia
University School of Business Administration and received a Bachelor of Arts
degree from Columbia College.

     Marc E. Lanser, M.D. Dr. Lanser has been Executive Vice President and
Chief Scientific Officer and a member of the Board since June 1995. Prior to
the Merger, Dr. Lanser held the same position with Old BLSI from November 1994.
From October 1992 until November 1994, Dr. Lanser was President and Chief
Executive Officer of Old BLSI. Prior to assuming the position of President and
Chief Executive Officer of Old BLSI, Dr. Lanser was an Assistant Professor of
Surgery at Harvard Medical School and member of the full-time academic faculty,
where he directed an NIH funded research project in immunology and received an
NIH Research Career Development Award. Dr. Lanser has published more than 30
scientific articles in his field in peer-reviewed journals. Dr. Lanser received
his M.D. from Albany Medical College.

     Joseph P. Hernon, CPA. Mr. Hernon has been Chief Financial Officer since
August 1996, and Secretary since 1998. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hernon
was a Business Assurance Manager at Coopers & Lybrand where he was employed
from January 1987 to August 1996. Mr. Hernon holds a Masters of Science in
Accountancy from Bentley College and a Bachelor of Science in Business
Administration from the University of Lowell.

                                      20
<PAGE>

                                    PART II

ITEM 5.     MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
            MATTERS.

     The Company's Common Stock is traded on The Nasdaq National Market under
the symbol BLSI. The following table sets forth the high and low sale prices
for the Company's Common Stock by quarter for 2001 and 2000, as reported by
Nasdaq. These prices reflect inter-dealer quotation, without retail mark-up,
markdowns or other fees or commissions, and may not necessarily represent
actual transactions.

                                                   High         Low
                                               ------------  ----------
Year Ended December 31, 2001
Quarter ended March 31, 2001                      $  5.25      $ 3.00
Quarter ended June 30, 2001                       $  4.08      $ 2.50
Quarter ended September 30, 2001                  $  3.68      $ 1.55
Quarter ended December 31, 2001                   $  3.50      $ 1.65

Year Ended December 31, 2000
Quarter ended March 31, 2000                      $ 16.13      $ 3.69
Quarter ended June 30, 2000                       $ 10.19      $ 5.00
Quarter ended September 30, 2000                  $ 12.13      $ 6.75
Quarter ended December 31, 2000                   $  7.94      $ 2.56

     On March 22, 2002, the closing sales price for the Common Stock was $2.45
per share. The number of stockholders of record of Common Stock on March 22,
2002 was approximately 6,400. The Company has not paid any dividends and does
not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future.

                                      21
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.     SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

     The selected consolidated financial information presented below has been
derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company. This
data is qualified in its entirety by reference to, and should be read in
conjunction with, the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements and notes
thereto and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations, included elsewhere herein.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                        ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            1997           1998            1999            2000            2001
                                            ----           ----            ----            ----            ----
<S>                                      <C>            <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>
Statement of Operations Data
  Revenues                               $     83,060   $          -   $     200,000   $           -   $           -
  Operating expenses                        9,202,664      7,682,406      14,556,251      11,453,458      10,585,618
  Net loss                                (7,974,016)    (6,897,024)    (13,964,484)    (10,654,264)    (10,252,587)
  Preferred stock preferences                       -              -     (5,366,054)               -               -
  Net loss available to common
     Shareholders                        $(7,974,016)   $(6,897,024)   $(19,330,538)   $(10,654,264)   $(10,252,587)
  Basic and diluted net loss per share   $     (0.64)   $     (0.52)   $      (0.95)   $      (0.55)   $      (0.49)
  Per share effect of preferred stock
     Preferences                                    -              -          (0.36)               -               -
  Basic and diluted net loss available
  To common shareholders                 $     (0.64)   $     (0.52)   $      (1.31)   $      (0.55)   $      (0.49)
  Weighted average number of shares
     Outstanding                           12,378,219     13,138,862      14,731,149      19,461,911      20,733,160

                                                                        December 31,
                                        ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            1997           1998            1999            2000            2001
                                            ----           ----            ----            ----            ----
Balance Sheet Data
  Total assets                           $ 18,578,969   $12,269,048    $  16,072,212   $  20,712,109   $  11,426,419
  Working capital                          12,718,875     6,744,226       13,746,718      18,811,739       9,095,717
  Long-term debt                                    -             -        4,647,192               -               -
  Convertible redeemable preferred
     Stock                                          -             -        1,046,546               -               -
  Stockholders' equity                   $ 16,587,165   $10,534,849    $   8,574,807   $  19,050,816   $   9,622,835
</TABLE>

ITEM 7.     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
            RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations that follows contains forward-looking statements based on current
management expectations. Meaningful factors which could cause future results to
differ materially from such expectations include, without limitation, the
following: (i) results from the Company's ongoing clinical trials, (ii)
scientific data collected on the Company's technologies currently in
preclinical research and development, (iii) decisions made by the FDA or other
regulatory bodies with respect to the initiation of human clinical trials, (iv)
decisions made by the FDA or other regulatory bodies with respect to approval
and to the commercial sale of any of the Company's proposed products, (v) the
commercial acceptance of any products approved for sale and the ability of the
Company to manufacture, distribute and sell for a profit any products approved
for sale, (vi) the Company's ability to obtain the necessary patents and
proprietary rights to effectively protect its proposed products and
technologies, and (vii) the outcome of any collaborations or alliances
currently entered into by the Company or to be entered into by the Company in
the future with pharmaceutical or other biotechnology companies.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

  OVERVIEW

We are a development stage biotechnology company engaged in the research and
development of novel therapeutic and diagnostic products to treat chronic
debilitating diseases such as cancer, CNS disorders and certain autoimmune
diseases. During the period from inception through December 31, 2001, the
Company has devoted substantially all of its efforts to business planning,
raising financing, furthering the research and development of its technologies,
and corporate partnering efforts. Accordingly, the Company is considered to be
in the development stage as defined in Statement of Financial Accounting
Standard ("SFAS") No. 7.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                                      22
<PAGE>

     Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of
operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have
been prepared by us in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities. Our estimates include those related to
investments and research contracts. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that we believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions. For a complete description of our
accounting policies, see Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

     Investments. Our investments consist exclusively of investments in United
States agency bonds and corporate debt obligations. These marketable securities
are adjusted to fair value on the consolidated balance sheet through other
comprehensive income. We disclose the value of restricted investments in the
notes to our consolidated financial statements.

     Research contracts. We regularly enter into contracts with third parties to
perform research and development activities in connection with our scientific
technologies. Costs incurred under these contracts are recognized ratably over
the term of the contract which we believe corresponds to the manner in which the
work is performed.

  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001 AND 2000

     The Company's net loss was $10,252,587 during the year ended December 31,
2001 as compared with $10,654,264 during the year ended December 31, 2000. Net
loss per common share totaled $0.49 per share during 2001 as compared with
$0.55 per share during 2000. The lower net loss in 2001 was primarily due to
lower research and development expenses in 2001. The decrease in these
expenditures were partially offset by higher general and administrative and
other expenses in 2001.

     Research and development expenses were $7,416,989 during the year ended
December 31, 2001 as compared with $8,628,187 during the year ended December 31,
2000. The decrease in 2001 was primarily attributable to 2000 expenditures
related to the Phase III clinical trial for the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent for
the diagnosis of Parkinson's Disease (which totaled approximately $1,200,000)
and the significantly lower (by approximately $600,000) initial Phase II
clinical trial costs for the ALTROPANE(TM) imaging agent for the diagnosis of
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. The decrease in these expenditures
were partially offset by higher (by approximately $800,000) product
manufacturing costs in the 2001 period related to the establishment of a GMP
manufacturing process for one technology.

     General and administrative expenses were $3,168,629 during the year ended
December 31, 2001 as compared with $2,825,271 during the year ended December 31,
2000. The increase in 2001 was due to higher professional service costs,
primarily related to an increase in personnel recruitment expenses, of
approximately $180,000.

     Other expenses were $683,880 during the year ended December 31, 2001 as
compared with zero during the year ended December 31, 2000. The increase in
2001 was due to non-cash charges related to agreements the Company entered into
with two significant securityholders to modify outstanding warrants. One
agreement, which resulted in a charge of $396,880, lowered the exercise price
of certain warrants held by the securityholder in return for daily trading
restrictions on the number of shares of common stock that the securityholder
could sell through May 2002. The other agreement, which resulted in a charge of
$287,000 in 2001, delayed a reset of the exercise price of certain warrants
held by the securityholder in return for the issuance of additional warrants.
The non-cash charges recognized in each transaction were based upon a fair
value calculation of the warrants modified or issued in each transaction as
determined under the Black-Scholes pricing model. The Company will record an
additional non-cash charge of approximately $287,000 in 2002 associated with
certain contingently issuable warrants related to the second agreement.

     Interest income was $1,016,911 during the year ended December 31, 2001 as
compared with interest income of $1,144,064 during the year ended December 31,
2000. Interest expense was zero in 2001 as compared to $344,870 in 2000. The
Company issued $8 million of 8% convertible debentures in September 1999 that
were converted into common stock in February and March 2000.

     At December 31, 2001, the Company had net deferred tax assets of
approximately $35.9 million for which a full

                                      23
<PAGE>

valuation allowance has been established. As a result of its concentrated
efforts on research and development, the Company has a history of incurring net
operating losses and expects to incur additional net operating losses for the
foreseeable future. Accordingly, management has concluded that it is more
likely than not that the future benefits related to the deferred tax assets
will not be realized and, therefore, provided a full valuation allowance for
these assets. In the event the Company achieves profitability, these deferred
tax assets may be available to offset future income tax liabilities and expense.

  Year Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999

     The Company's net loss was $10,654,264 during the year ended December 31,
2000 as compared with $13,964,484 during the year ended December 31, 1999. Net
loss per common share totaled $0.55 per share during 2000 as compared with
$0.95 per share, excluding preferred stock preferences, during 1999. The lower
net loss in 2000 was primarily due to certain non-recurring charges in 1999,
including the write-off of previously acquired technology of $3,500,000 and a
charge of $1,725,000 for purchased in-process research and development. The
effect of these items were partially offset by higher clinical and pre-clinical
research and development expenses in 2000.

     The net loss available to common stockholders for the 1999 period,
including preferred stock preferences of $5,366,054 totaled $19,330,538. Net
loss per common share available to common stockholders for the year ended
December 31, 1999, including $0.36 attributable to preferred stock preferences,
totaled $1.31. In February 1999, the Company completed a private placement of
Series C convertible preferred stock and warrants. Based on the market price of
the Company's stock on the date of issuance, the preferred stock had a
beneficial conversion feature with an intrinsic value of approximately $1.9
million, which is included in the preferred stock preferences. An additional
$2.5 million of preferred stock preferences were recorded to accrete the Series
C stock to redemption value. In addition, in November 1999, the Company
extended an exchange offer to the Series C stockholders wherein it agreed to
issue certain consideration for each share of Series C Stock converted into
common stock. A charge of approximately $1.0 million, representing the fair
value of the consideration issued, is also included in the preferred stock
preferences.

     Revenue was zero during the year ended December 31, 2000 as compared with
$200,000 during the year ended December 31, 1999. In September 1999, the
Company announced that it had entered into a development and licensing
agreement with a major pharmaceutical company to develop a major sector of the
Company's transcription factor technology. Under the terms of the agreement,
the pharmaceutical company will screen its small molecule collection for
potential inhibitors of the transcription factor, with the goal of developing a
small molecule therapeutic drug for the treatment of a wide range of allergies
and asthma. The Company will also receive royalties on eventual sales of any
product derived from the development effort. The Company received a one-time
payment upon the execution of the development and licensing agreement, which
was recognized as revenue because the Company has no remaining performance
obligations.

     Research and development expenses were $8,628,187 during the year ended
December 31, 2000 as compared with $10,379,832 during the year ended December
31, 1999. The decrease in 2000 was primarily due to the write-off of previously
acquired technology of $3,500,000 in 1999, offset by higher clinical trial
expenses and increased product manufacturing costs in 2000. During 2000, a phase
II clinical trial was initiated in which costs incurred totaled approximately
$700,000 and the Company incurred higher costs (of approximately $400,000) for a
phase III clinical trial that was in process during both periods. The Company
also incurred higher product manufacturing costs during 2000 (of approximately
$400,000) related to the establishment of a GMP manufacturing process for one
technology and higher pre-clinical manufacturing scale-up costs for another
technology of approximately $300,000.

     General and administrative expenses were $2,825,271 during the year ended
December 31, 2000 as compared with $2,451,419 during the year ended December 31,
1999. The increase in 2000 was primarily due to higher professional service
costs including approximately $200,000 related to public relations services and
approximately $100,000 to change securities market listing exchange.

     Purchased in-process research and development expenses were zero during
the year ended December 31, 2000 as compared with $1,725,000 during the year
ended December 31, 1999. In September 1999, the Company finalized an agreement
under which it obtained an option to acquire the licensing rights to certain
technology. The Company issued 232,000 shares of common stock and 216,000
warrants exercisable to purchase the Company's common stock at an exercise
price of $4.25 per share as consideration for the option. The fair value of
such consideration of $1,725,000 was recognized as purchased in-process
research and development expense.

     Interest income was $1,144,064 during the year ended December 31, 2000 as
compared with interest income of $837,525 during the year ended December 31,
1999. The increase in 2000 was due to higher average cash and

                                      24
<PAGE>

investment balances during 2000. Interest expense totaled $344,870 in 2000 as
compared to $445,758 in 1999. The decrease in 2000 was due to a lower daily
average balance on the $8 million of 8% convertible debentures during the 2000
period. The debentures were issued in September 1999 and were converted into
common stock in February and March 2000.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     Cash used in operating activities totaled $9,037,116 in 2001 as compared
to $10,103,009 in 2000. The decrease in 2001 is principally related to lower
research and development expenses. Cash provided by investing activities
totaled $8,917,091 in 2001 as compared to cash used in investing activities of
$4,147,300 in 2000. The difference in investing activities principally reflects
the purchase of short-term investments with the proceeds from the private
placements, described below, completed by the Company in 2000, net of the sales
of short-term investments which were subsequently used to fund operations. Cash
flow from financing activities was zero in 2001 as compared to $14,397,502 in
2000. The difference in financing activities principally reflects the effect of
the private placement, described below, completed by the Company in 2000.

     As of December 31, 2001, the Company has incurred total net losses since
inception of approximately $75 million. To date, the Company has dedicated most
of its financial resources to the research and development of its product
candidates, preclinical compounds, general and administrative expenses and
costs related to obtaining and protecting patents. Since inception, the Company
has primarily satisfied its working capital requirements from the sale of the
Company's securities through private placements. These private placements have
included the sale of preferred stock and common stock, as well as notes payable
and convertible debentures. Each private placement has included the issuance of
warrants to purchase common stock. A summary of financings completed during the
three years ended December 31, 2001 is as follows:

Date                   Net Proceeds Raised         Securities Issued
----                   -------------------         -----------------
June 2000              $9.9 million                Common stock

September 1999         $7.4 million                Convertible debentures

February 1999          $2.3 million                Common stock

February 1999          $5.6 million                Preferred stock

     In the future, the Company's working capital and capital requirements will
depend on numerous factors, including the progress of the Company's research
and development activities, the level of resources that the Company devotes to
the developmental, clinical, and regulatory aspects of its products, and the
extent to which the Company enters into collaborative relationships with
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies.

     At December 31, 2001, the Company had available cash, cash equivalents,
and investments of approximately $10.3 million and working capital of
approximately $9.1 million. The Company believes that the cash, cash
equivalents, and investments available at December 31, 2001, combined with
approximately $3 million in net proceeds raised in a private placement
completed in March 2002, will provide sufficient working capital to meet its
anticipated expenditures for more than the next twelve months. The Company may
raise additional capital in the future through collaboration agreements with
other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies, debt financing and equity
offerings. There can be no assurance, however, that the Company will be
successful or that additional funds will be available on acceptable terms, if
at all.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In July 2001, the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board
("FASB") SFAS No. 141, "Business Combinations", which requires that all
business combinations be accounted for under the purchase method only and that
certain acquired intangible assets in a business combination be recognized as
assets apart from goodwill. The Company's adoption of the statement did not
effect its financial statements.

     In July 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets." SFAS No. 142 requires that ratable amortization of goodwill be
replaced with periodic tests of the goodwill's impairment and that intangible
assets other than goodwill be amortized over their useful lives. The provisions
of SFAS No. 142 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2001, and will thus be adopted by the Company, as required, in fiscal

                                      25
<PAGE>

year 2002. The Company does not expect the adoption of SFAS No. 142 to have a
material effect on its financial statements.

     In October 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets," which addresses the financial
accounting and reporting for the disposal of long-lived assets. SFAS No. 144 is
effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2001 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Accordingly,
the Company will be required to adopt SFAS No. 144 in the first quarter of
fiscal 2002. The Company does not expect the adoption of SFAS No. 144 to have a
material effect on its financial statements.

ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

     We maintain a portfolio of cash equivalents, short-term and long-term
investments in a variety of securities including commercial paper, certificates
of deposit, money market funds and government and non-government debt
securities. The fair value of these available-for-sale securities are subject
to changes in market interest rates and may fall in value if market interest
rates increase. Our investment portfolio includes only marketable securities
with active secondary or resale markets to help insure liquidity. We have
implemented policies regarding the amount and credit ratings of investments.
Due to the conservative nature of these policies, we do not believe we have
material exposure due to market risk. We may not have the ability to hold our
fixed income investments until maturity, and therefore our future operating
results or cash flows could be affected if we are required to sell investments
during a period in which increases in market interest rates have adversely
affected the value of our securities portfolio.

                                      26
<PAGE>

ITEM 8.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

                        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
  of Boston Life Sciences, Inc.

     In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and related
consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive loss and stockholders'
equity and of cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Boston Life Sciences, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the
"Company") at December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2001 and for the period from inception (October 16, 1992) through December 31,
2001 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these
statements in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America, which require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion expressed above.

                                        /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
March 22, 2002

                                      27
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.

                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         December 31,            December 31,
                                                                             2001                    2000
                                                                       -----------------      -----------------
<S>                                                                       <C>                     <C>
Assets
Current assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                                             $    287,302            $    407,327
    Short-term investments                                                  10,012,198              19,361,838
    Other current assets                                                       599,801                 703,867
                                                                       -----------------      -----------------
          Total current assets                                              10,899,301              20,473,032

Fixed assets, net                                                              523,505                  42,034
Other assets                                                                     3,613                 197,043
                                                                       -----------------      -----------------

          Total assets                                                    $ 11,426,419            $ 20,712,109
                                                                       =================      =================
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                 $  1,803,584            $  1,661,293

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13)

Stockholders' equity:
    Convertible preferred stock, $.01 par value; 1,000,000 shares
       authorized; 525,000 and 15,000 shares designated at December
       31, 2001 and 2000, respectively; no shares issued and                         -                       -
       outstanding
    Common stock, $.01 par value; 40,000,000 shares authorized;
       20,774,642 and 20,726,638 shares issued and outstanding at
       December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively                                207,746                 207,266
    Additional paid-in capital                                              84,319,102              83,605,297
    Accumulated other comprehensive income                                     130,818                  20,497
    Deficit accumulated during development stage                          (75,034,831)            (64,782,244)
                                                                       -----------------      -----------------
          Total stockholders' equity                                         9,622,835              19,050,816
                                                                       -----------------      -----------------

          Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                      $ 11,426,419            $ 20,712,109
                                                                       =================      =================
</TABLE>

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      28
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.

                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                              From Inception
                                                                                                               (October 16,
                                                                For the Year Ended December 31,                 1992) to
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------     December 31,
                                                             2001             2000               1999              2001
                                                     ------------------ ---------------   ----------------   ----------------
<S>                                                    <C>              <C>                <C>              <C>
Revenues                                                $            -   $            -     $     200,000    $      900,000
Operating expenses:
 Research and development                                    7,416,989        8,628,187        10,379,832        48,097,752
 General and administrative                                  3,168,629        2,825,271         2,451,419        18,910,569
 Purchased in-process research and
   development                                                       -                -          1,725,00        12,146,544
                                                     ------------------  ---------------  -----------------  ----------------
     Total operating expenses                               10,585,618       11,453,458        14,556,251        79,154,865
                                                     ------------------  ---------------  -----------------  ----------------
     Loss from operations                                 (10,585,618)     (11,453,458)      (14,356,251)      (78,254,865)
Other expenses                                               (683,880)                -                 -         (683,880)
Interest expense                                                     -        (344,870)         (445,758)       (2,252,457)
Interest income                                              1,016,911        1,144,064           837,525         6,156,371
                                                     ------------------ ---------------   ----------------   ----------------
     Net loss                                           $ (10,252,587)   $ (10,654,264)     $(13,964,484)    $ (75,034,831)
                                                     ------------------ ---------------   ----------------   ----------------
Calculation of net loss available to common
 shareholders:
     Net loss                                           $ (10,252,587)   $ (10,654,264)     $(13,964,484)
     Preferred stock preferences (Note 10)                           -                -       (5,366,054)
                                                     ------------------ ---------------   ----------------
     Net loss available to common
       shareholders                                     $ (10,252,587)   $ (10,654,264)     $(19,330,538)
                                                     ------------------ ---------------   ----------------
Calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share
 available to common shareholders:
     Net loss per share                                 $       (0.49)    $      (0.55)     $      (0.95)
     Preferred stock preferences per share
       (Note 10)                                                     -                -            (0.36)
                                                     ------------------ ---------------   ----------------
     Basic and diluted net loss per share
       available to common shareholders                 $       (0.49)    $      (0.55)     $      (1.31)
                                                     ------------------ ---------------   ----------------
Weighted average shares outstanding                         20,733,160       19,461,911        14,731,149
                                                     ------------------ ---------------   ----------------
</TABLE>

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      29
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.

                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

     For the Period from inception (October 16, 1992) to December 31, 2001

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Series A Preferred Stock        Common Stock
                                                        --------------------------  -----------------------------
                                                            Number of                 Number of
                                                             Shares     Par Value      Shares           Par Value
                                                        -------------  -----------  --------------  --------------
<S>                                                        <C>          <C>         <C>                 <C>
Issuance of common stock to founders                                                 1,520,044          $ 15,200
   Issuance of common stock upon exercise
      of warrants and options                                                          463,878             4,639
   Issuance of common stock, net of
      issuance costs of $950,441                                                     3,603,383            36,034
   Issuance of common stock and warrants
      upon Merger                                                                    3,619,736            36,197
   Issuance of common stock upon
      conversion of convertible debentures                                             156,605             1,566
   Issuance of preferred stock, net of
      issuance costs of $3,397,158                          239,911     $ 2,399
   Conversion of preferred stock into
      common stock                                         (222,915)     (2,229)     3,909,419            39,094
   Deferred compensation related to stock
      options and warrants granted
   Compensation expense related to stock
      options and warrants granted
   Other                                                                                 3,913                40
   Unrealized gain on investments
   Net loss from inception (October 16,
      1992) to December 31, 1998
   Comprehensive loss from inception
      (October 16, 1992) to December 31,
      1998
                                                        -------------  ----------   --------------  -------------
Balance at December 31, 1998                                 16,996         170     13,276,978           132,770
   Issuance of warrants in connection with
      debentures, net of issuance costs of
      $280,806
   Issuance of warrants in connection with
      preferred series C stock issuance and
      related beneficial conversion feature,
      net of issuance costs of $590,890
   Accretion of preferred series C stock
   Issuance of common stock and warrants,
      net of issuance costs of $158,000                                                879,668             8,797
   Conversion of preferred stock into
      common stock                                          (12,013)       (120)     1,538,209            15,382
   Issuance of common stock upon exercise
      of warrants and options                                                          585,618             5,856

<CAPTION>
                                                                                                Deficit
                                                                               Accumulated   Accumulated
                                                   Additional                     Other         During         Total
                                                    Paid-in       Deferred     Comprehensive  Development    Stockholders'
                                                    Capital     Compensation   Income (Loss)     Stage          Equity
                                                  -----------  -------------  -------------- ------------- ---------------
<S>                                               <C>          <C>             <C>            <C>           <C>
Issuance of common stock to founders              $    33,525                                               $      48,725
   Issuance of common stock upon exercise
      of warrants and options                         885,832                                                     890,471
   Issuance of common stock, net of
      issuance costs of $950,441                   11,866,766                                                  11,902,800
   Issuance of common stock and warrants
      upon Merger                                  14,567,751                                                  14,603,948
   Issuance of common stock upon
      conversion of convertible debentures            987,025                                                     988,591
   Issuance of preferred stock, net of
      issuance costs of $3,397,158                 20,591,443                                                  20,593,842
   Conversion of preferred stock into
      common stock                                   (36,865)                                                           -
   Deferred compensation related to stock
      options and warrants granted                    804,607  $ (804,607)                                              -
   Compensation expense related to stock
      options and warrants granted                    719,225      804,607                                      1,523,832
   Other                                               69,893                                                      69,933
   Unrealized gain on investments                                              $   76,203                          76,203
   Net loss from inception (October 16,
      1992) to December 31, 1998                                                              $ (40,163,496) (40,163,496)
                                                                                                            --------------
   Comprehensive loss from inception
      (October 16, 1992) to December 31,                                                                     (40,087,293)
      1998                                        -----------  -------------  -------------  ---------------- ------------
Balance at December 31, 1998                       50,489,202            -         76,203       (40,163,496)   10,534,849
   Issuance of warrants in connection with
      debentures, net of issuance costs of
      $280,806                                      3,319,194                                                   3,319,194
   Issuance of warrants in connection with
      preferred series C stock issuance and
      related beneficial conversion feature,
      net of issuance costs of $590,890             3,736,789                                                   3,736,789
   Accretion of preferred series C stock          (4,327,679)                                                 (4,327,679)
   Issuance of common stock and warrants,
      net of issuance costs of $158,000             4,058,203                                                   4,067,000
   Conversion of preferred stock into
      common stock                                  5,088,192                                                   5,103,454
   Issuance of common stock upon exercise
      of warrants and options                       1,108,347                                                   1,114,203
</TABLE>

                                      1
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.

                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS AND STOCKHOLDERS'
                              EQUITY--(Continued)

     For the Period from inception (October 16, 1992) to December 31, 2001

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                       Series A Preferred Stock       Common Stock
                                      -------------------------- -----------------------  Additional
                                       Number of                  Number of                 Paid-in
                                        Shares        Par Value    Shares     Par Value     Capital
                                      ------------  ------------ ----------- ------------- ----------
<S>                                    <C>            <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
  Compensation expense related to
     stock options and warrants                                                              221,405
  Preferred stock conversion
     Inducement                                                                            (600,564)
  Unrealized loss on investments
  Net loss

  Comprehensive loss
                                      ------------  ------------ ----------- ------------- ----------
Balance at December 31, 1999             4,983             50     16,280,473     162,805  63,093,089
  Conversion of debentures and
     payment of interest in common
     stock, net of issuance costs
     of $307,265                                                   1,585,416      15,854   4,831,566
  Issuance of common stock and
     warrants, net of issuance costs
     of $79,423                                                    1,405,956      14,060   9,906,517
  Conversion of preferred stock
     into common stock                 (4,983)           (50)        387,735       3,877   1,042,719
  Issuance of common stock upon
    exercise of warrants and options                               1,067,058      10,670   4,466,255
  Compensation expense related
    to stock options and warrants                                                            265,151
  Unrealized gain on investments
  Net loss

  Comprehensive loss
                                      ------------  ------------ ----------- ------------- ----------
Balance at December 31, 2000                 -             -      20,726,638     207,266  83,605,297
  Modification of warrants                                                                   683,880
  Issuance of common stock upon
     exercise of warrants and
     options                                                          48,004         480       (480)
  Compensation expense related
     to stock options and warrants                                                            30,405
  Unrealized gain on investments
  Net loss

  Comprehensive loss
                                      ------------  ------------ ----------- ------------- ----------
Balance at December 31, 2001                 -      $      -      20,774,642   $ 207,746 $84,319,102
                                      ============  ============ =========== ============= ==========

<CAPTION>
                                                                   Deficit
                                                   Accumulated   Accumulated
                                                     Other          During        Total
                                      Deferred    Comprehensive  Development   Stockholders'
                                    Compensation  Income (Loss)     Stage         Equity
                                  --------------- -------------- ------------- --------------
<S>                                      <C>           <C>             <C>            <C>
  Compensation expense related to
     stock options and warrants                                                            221,405
  Preferred stock conversion
     Inducement                                                                          (600,564)
   Unrealized loss on investments                          (629,360)                     (629,360)
   Net loss                                                            (13,964,484)   (13,964,484)
                                                                                     --------------
   Comprehensive loss                                                                 (14,593,844)
                                       --------------- -------------- -------------- --------------

Balance at December 31, 1999                        -      (553,157)   (54,127,980)      8,574,807
  Conversion of debentures and
     payment of interest in common
     stock, net of issuance costs
     of $307,265                                                                         4,847,420
  Issuance of common stock and
     warrants, net of issuance costs
     of $79,423                                                                          9,920,577
  Conversion of preferred stock
     into common stock                                                                   1,046,546
  Issuance of common stock upon
     exercise of warrants and options                                                    4,476,925
  Compensation expense related
     to stock options and warrants                                                         265,151
  Unrealized gain on investments                             573,654                       573,654
  Net loss                                                             (10,654,264)   (10,654,264)
                                                                                     --------------
  Comprehensive loss                                                                  (10,080,610)
                                       --------------- -------------- -------------- --------------
Balance at December 31, 2000                        -         20,497   (64,782,244)     19,050,816
  Modification of warrants                                                                 683,880
  Issuance of common stock upon
     exercise of warrants and
     options                                                                                     -
  Compensation expense related
     to stock options and warrants                                                          30,405
  Unrealized gain on investments                             110,321                       110,321
  Net loss                                                             (10,252,587)   (10,252,587)
                                                                                     --------------
  Comprehensive loss                                                                  (10,142,266)
                                       --------------- -------------- -------------- --------------
Balance at December 31, 2001             $           - $      130,818 $(75,034,831)    $ 9,622,835
                                       =============== ============== ============== ==============
</TABLE>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      2
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.

                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                   From Inception
                                                                                                                     (October 16,
                                                                For the Year Ended December 31,                        1992) to
                                                  -----------------------------------------------------------        December 31,
                                                        2001                 2000                   1999                2001
                                                  ----------------     -----------------     -----------------    -----------------
<S>                                                <C>                   <C>                   <C>                   <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net loss                                          $(10,252,587)         $(10,654,264)         $(13,964,484)         $(75,034,831)
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
    used for operating activities:
   Purchased in-process research and
      development                                              -                     -             1,725,000            12,146,544
   Write-off of acquired technology                            -                     -             3,500,000             3,500,000
   Modification of warrants                              683,880                     -                     -               683,880
   Non-cash interest expense                                   -               332,493               247,192               579,685
   Compensation charges related to options and
      warrants                                            30,405               265,151               221,405             2,110,726
    Amortization and depreciation                         59,691                24,909                39,566             1,575,982
    Changes in current assets and liabilities:
     Decrease (increase) in other current assets         299,204              (103,924)              136,953               259,162
     Increase (decrease) in accounts payable
        and accrued expenses                             142,291                32,626                69,468             1,030,919
                                                 ----------------       ----------------     -----------------     ----------------
Net cash used for operating activities               (9,037,116)          (10,103,009)           (8,024,900)          (53,147,933)
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Cash acquired through Merger                                 -                     -                     -             1,758,037
  Purchases of fixed assets                            (541,162)              (43,770)              (12,379)             (854,012)
  Increase in other assets                               (1,708)               (5,654)              (83,480)             (357,248)
  Purchases of short-term investments                (6,605,980)           (20,511,252)         (12,828,190)          (84,843,652)
  Sales and maturities of short-term investments      16,065,941            16,413,376             5,346,514            74,962,272
                                                 ----------------       ----------------     -----------------     ----------------
Net cash provided by (used for) investing
   activities                                          8,917,091            (4,147,300)          (7,577,535)           (9,334,603)
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock                       -            14,476,925             3,614,203            31,249,182
  Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock                    -                     -             6,150,000            27,022,170
  Preferred stock conversion inducement                        -                     -             (600,564)             (600,564)
  Proceeds from issuance of notes payable                      -                     -                     -             2,585,000
  Proceeds from issuance of convertible
     debentures                                                -                     -             8,000,000             9,000,000
  Principal payments of notes payable                          -                     -                     -           (2,796,467)
  Payments of financing costs                                  -              (79,423)           (1,372,904)           (3,689,483)
                                                 ----------------       ----------------     -----------------     ----------------
Net cash provided by financing activities                      -            14,397,502            15,790,735            62,769,838
                                                 ----------------       ----------------     -----------------     ----------------
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash
   equivalents                                         (120,025)               147,193               188,300               287,302
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period           407,327               260,134                71,834                     -
                                                 ----------------       ----------------     -----------------     ----------------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period           $     287,302         $     407,327         $     260,134         $     287,302
                                                 ================       ================     =================     ================

Supplemental cash flow disclosures:
   Non cash transactions (see notes 8, 10, and 11) $           -         $           -         $           -
</TABLE>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                 statements.

                                      32
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. THE COMPANY AND ITS SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     Boston Life Sciences, Inc. is a development stage biotechnology company
engaged in the research and development of novel therapeutic and diagnostic
products to treat chronic debilitating diseases such as cancer, CNS disorders
and certain autoimmune diseases.  Boston Life Sciences ("Old BLSI"), originally
a privately held company founded in 1992, merged with a publicly held company
effective June 15, 1995 (the "Merger").  The publicly held company survived the
Merger and changed its name to Boston Life Sciences, Inc. (the "Company").
However, all of the employees of the public company (other than a caretaker
management) ceased employment six months prior to the Merger, the company's
facilities and equipment were sold, and all directors resigned effective with
the Merger, whereupon the management and directors of Old BLSI assumed
management of the Company.  During the period from inception through December
31, 2001, the Company has devoted substantially all of its efforts to business
planning, raising financing, furthering the research and development of its
technologies, and corporate partnering efforts. Accordingly, the Company is
considered to be in the development stage as defined in SFAS No. 7.

     As of December 31, 2001, the Company has experienced total net losses since
inception of approximately $75 million.  For the foreseeable future, the Company
expects to experience continuing operating losses and negative cash flows as
management executes its current business plan. At December 31, 2001, the Company
had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaling approximately
$10,300,000. In March 2002, the Company completed a private placement of common
stock and received cash proceeds of approximately $3,100,000.  The Company may
raise additional capital in the future through collaboration agreements with
other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies, debt financing and equity
offerings.  There can be no assurance, however, that the Company will be
successful or that additional funds will be available on acceptable terms, if at
all.

     A summary of the Company's significant accounting policies is as follows:

  Basis of Consolidation

     The Company's consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
its six subsidiaries where a majority of the operations are conducted.  Five of
these subsidiaries are wholly-owned and a minority shareholder owns 10% of the
sixth subsidiary, Procell Pharmaceutical, Inc.  All significant intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated.

  Cash, Cash Equivalents and Investments

     The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an
original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.  The Company
invests its cash equivalents primarily in overnight repurchase agreements,
money market funds, and United States treasury and agency obligations.  At
December 31, 2001 and periodically throughout the year, the Company had cash
balances at certain financial institutions in excess of federally insured
limits.  However, the Company does not believe that it is subject to any
unusual credit risk beyond the normal credit risk associated with commercial
banking relationships.

     Investments, which are classified as available-for-sale, are recorded at
fair value.  Unrealized gains or losses are not immediately recognized in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations but are reflected in the Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Loss and Stockholders' Equity as a component of
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized.  Realized gains
(losses) are determined based on the specific identification method.
Investments consist of United States agency bonds and corporate debt
obligations (Note 2).  These investments are classified as a current asset
because they are highly liquid and are available, as required, to meet working
capital and other operating requirements.

     At December 31, 2001 and 2000, restricted cash of $176,000 representing a
security deposit on the Company's current corporate office lease, was
classified in other current assets and other assets, respectively.

  Financial Instruments

     The carrying amounts of the Company's financial instruments, which include
cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts payable and accrued
expenses approximate their fair values as of December 31, 2001 and 2000.

                                      33
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

  Fixed Assets

     Fixed assets are stated at cost and depreciated using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, ranging from three to
five years.  Leasehold improvements are stated at cost and amortized using the
straight-line method over the term of the lease or the estimated useful lives
of the assets, whichever is shorter.

  Revenue Recognition and Concentration of Customers

     Since inception, the Company has entered into two separate licensing and
development agreements with certain pharmaceutical companies related to the
development of certain of its technologies.  Under the terms of the agreements,
the pharmaceutical companies have been provided with a specified period during
which they have the right to evaluate the Company's technology.  The Company
received cash payments from the pharmaceutical companies, and will also receive
royalties on eventual sales of any product derived from the development effort.
One agreement provided for periodic payments over a three-year period which
were recognized ratably over the term of the agreement.  The other agreement
provided for an initial, non-recurring payment which was recognized in full
upon receipt because the Company had no remaining performance obligations.

  Research and Development Expenses and Concentration of Outside Researchers

     The Company has entered into licensing agreements with certain
institutions that provide the Company with the rights to certain patents and
technologies, and the right to market and distribute any products developed.
Obligations initially incurred to acquire these rights are recognized and
expensed on the date that the Company acquires the rights.

     The Company has entered into sponsored research agreements with certain
institutions for the research and development of its licensed technologies.
Payments made under these sponsored research agreements are expensed ratably
over the term of the agreement which the Company believes corresponds with the
manner in which the work is performed.

     The majority of the Company's technologies currently under development
were invented or discovered by researchers working for Harvard and its
Affiliates.  The Company currently conducts a substantial portion of its
research and development through Harvard and its Affiliates pursuant to
sponsored research agreements and is thus dependent upon a continuing business
relationship with Harvard and its Affiliates.

     Research and development activities cease when developmental work is
substantially complete and when the Company believes appropriate efficacy has
been demonstrated.

  Income Taxes

     The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes.
Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for the
expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial
reporting and income tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using
the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the
differences reverse.  A valuation allowance is established to reduce net
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

  Net Loss Per Share

     Basic and diluted net loss per share available to common shareholders has
been calculated by dividing net loss, adjusted for preferred stock preferences
and other preferred stock-related adjustments, by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the period.  All potentially dilutive
common shares have been excluded from the calculation of weighted average
common shares outstanding since their inclusion would be antidilutive.

                                      34
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     The following common stock equivalents, on an as exercised or converted
basis, were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per common share
because they were anti-dilutive.  The exercise of those options and warrants
outstanding at December 31, 2001, which could generate proceeds to the Company
of up to $40.4 million, could potentially dilute earnings per share in the
future.

                                       2001           2000            1999
                                 -------------   -------------   -------------
Stock options                       3,563,918       1,956,351       1,836,311
Warrants                            4,657,069       4,487,069       4,934,858
Unit options                          396,475         396,475         413,925
Preferred stock                             -               -         355,735
Convertible debentures                      -               -       1,523,810
                                 -------------   -------------   -------------
                                    8,617,462       6,839,895       9,064,639
                                 -------------   -------------   -------------

  Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation

     The Company has adopted the disclosure-only alternative permitted under
SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" (Note 11).  The Company
applies Accounting Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees" and related interpretations in accounting for its
stock-based compensation plans and related equity issuances.  All stock-based
awards to non-employees are accounted for in accordance with SFAS No. 123 and
Emerging Issues Task Force 96-18, " Accounting for Equity Instruments that are
Issued to Other than Employees for Acquiring or in Conjunction with Selling,
Goods or Services."

  Preferred Stock

     The Company has, at certain times, issued preferred stock which was
convertible into common stock at a discount from the common stock market price
at the date of issuance.  The discounted amount associated with such conversion
rights represents an incremental yield, i.e. a "beneficial conversion feature,"
which is recognized as a return to the preferred shareholders.  Such amounts
are included in preferred stock preferences in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations, and represent a non-cash charge in the determination of net loss
available to common shareholders.

  Use of Estimates

     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingencies at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.

  Risks and Uncertainties

     The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties common to the
biotechnology industry.  Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not
limited to: (i) results from current and planned clinical trials, (ii)
scientific data collected on technologies currently in preclinical research and
development, (iii) decisions made by the FDA or other regulatory bodies with
respect to the initiation of human clinical trials and the commercial sale of
any proposed products, (iv) the Company's ability to obtain the necessary
patents and proprietary rights to effectively protect its technologies, (v) the
outcome of any current or future collaborations or alliances with
pharmaceutical or other biotechnology companies and universities, and (vi)
dependence on key personnel.

  Segments

     The Company operates as one segment reporting to the chief operating
decision maker.  Substantially all long-lived assets are maintained in the
United States of America.

                                      35
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

  Recent Accounting Pronouncements

     In July 2001, the Company adopted SFAS No. 141, "Business Combinations",
which requires that all business combinations be accounted for under the
purchase method only and that certain acquired intangible assets in a business
combination be recognized as assets apart from goodwill.  The Company's
adoption of the statement did not effect its financial statements.

     In July 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets."  SFAS No. 142 requires that ratable amortization of goodwill be
replaced with periodic tests of the goodwill's impairment and that intangible
assets other than goodwill be amortized over their useful lives.  The
provisions of SFAS No. 142 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2001, and will thus be adopted by the Company, as required, in
fiscal year 2002.  The Company does not expect the adoption of SFAS No. 142 to
have a material effect on its financial statements.

     In October 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets," which addresses the financial
accounting and reporting for the disposal of long-lived assets. SFAS No. 144 is
effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2001 and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Accordingly,
the Company will be required to adopt SFAS No. 144 in the first quarter of
fiscal 2002.  The Company does not expect the adoption of SFAS No. 144 to have
a material effect on its financial statements.

2. INVESTMENTS

     Investments consist of the following at December 31:

                                                 2001                 2000
                                           ---------------      ---------------
U.S. Agency obligations                      $ 5,257,397          $10,582,114
Corporate debt obligations                     4,754,801            8,779,724
                                           ---------------      ---------------
                                             $10,012,198          $19,361,838
                                           ===============      ===============

     The contractual maturities of the Company's investments at December 31,
2001 are as follows: less than one year-$4,577,133; one to five
years-$4,089,536; six to ten years-$1,345,529.  Actual maturities may differ
from contractual maturities because the issuers of these securities may have
the right to prepay obligations without penalty.  Gross unrealized gains and
(losses) at December 31, 2001 totaled $186,356 and ($55,538), respectively.
Gross unrealized gains and (losses) at December 31, 2000 totaled $150,243 and
($129,746), respectively.  Net realized gains (losses) totaled $129,578,
($87,459) and $21,487 in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively, and are included in
interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

3. FIXED ASSETS

     Fixed assets consist of the following at December 31:

                                                        2001          2000
                                                   -------------  ------------
Laboratory equipment                                  $482,744       $     -
Office furniture and equipment                          24,775        24,775
Leasehold improvements                                  49,248         8,379
Computer equipment                                      37,828        21,749
                                                   -------------  ------------
                                                       594,595        54,903
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization          71,090        12,869
                                                   -------------  ------------
                                                      $523,505       $42,034
                                                   =============  ============

     Depreciation expense on fixed assets for the years ended December 31,
2001, 2000 and 1999 was approximately $60,000, $12,000 and $16,000,
respectively, and $337,000 for the period from inception (October 16, 1992)
through December 31, 2001.

                                      36
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

4. ACQUIRED TECHNOLOGY

     In connection with the Merger, a $3.5 million asset was established
representing the appraised value assigned to certain acquired technology.  As
required under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America, the Company periodically evaluated whether a portion of the carrying
amount of the technology was impaired by comparing anticipated undiscounted
future net cash flows from expected product sales of the technology with its
carrying value.  The factors considered by management in performing this
assessment included the expected cost to obtain product approval as well as the
effects on expected product sales of competition, demand, and other economic
factors.  Based on the information available as of December 31, 1999, the
carrying value of the technology was written down to zero by recording a
non-cash charge of $3,500,000 which is included in research and development
expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended
December 31, 1999.

5. PURCHASED IN-PROCESS RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     In September 1999, the Company finalized an agreement under which it
obtained an option to acquire the licensing rights to certain technology.  The
Company issued 232,000 shares of common stock and 216,000 warrants exercisable
to purchase the Company's common stock at an exercise price of $4.25 per share
as consideration for the option.  The fair value of such consideration of
$1,725,000 has been recognized as purchased in-process research and development
in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31,
1999.  The Company elected not to exercise the option rights which expired in
May 2000.

6. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENTS

     In September 1999, the Company entered into a development and licensing
agreement with a pharmaceutical company to develop one of the Company's
technologies.  The Company received an initial, one-time payment, and will also
receive royalties on eventual sales of any product potentially derived from the
development effort.

7. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES

     Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of the following at December
31:

                                                      2001         2000
                                               -------------    -------------
Research and development related                 $1,177,911       $  974,831
General and administrative related                  235,003          404,098
Accrued professional fees                           390,670          282,364
                                               -------------    -------------
                                                 $1,803,584       $1,661,293
                                               =============    =============

8. NOTES PAYABLE AND DEBT

  8% Convertible Debentures

     In September 1999, the Company issued $8 million in convertible debentures
due September 2003 and warrants to purchase a total of 1,690,000 shares of the
Company's common stock to two institutional investment funds, both managed by
the same institutional investment firm.  The net proceeds of $7.4 million were
allocated between the warrants (approximately $3.3 million) and the convertible
debentures (approximately $4.1 million) based on their relative fair values.
The warrants were issued in two classes, the first, or "class A" warrants, were
originally exercisable to purchase 970,000 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $5.75 per share.  The second, or "class B" warrants, were
originally exercisable to purchase 720,000 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $8.25 per share.  In connection with the financing, the
Company paid $480,000 and issued 290,000 warrants exercisable at $5.75 per
share to the placement agent.

                                      37
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     During 2000, the Company issued 1,585,416 shares of common stock resulting
from the conversion of the convertible debentures with a face value of $8
million and the payment of interest of approximately $318,000 in the form of
shares of common stock.  The carrying value of the debentures plus accrued
interest thereon, net of deferred financing costs of approximately $307,000,
was reclassified to additional paid-in capital upon conversion of the
debentures and the payment of accrued interest.

     Interest expense on the convertible debentures totaled $332,493 in 2000,
and consisted of $142,861 in interest accrued on the 8% coupon and $189,632 in
discount accretion.  Interest expense totaled $422,192 in 1999, and consisted
of $175,000 in interest accrued on the 8% coupon and $247,192 in discount
accretion.

     During 2001, the Company entered into an agreement with a securityholder
whereby the exercise price of the warrants held by the securityholder were
reduced.  The exercise price of 720,000 warrants previously exercisable at
$8.25 per share were reduced to $4.625 and the exercise price of 970,000
warrants previously exercisable at $5.75 per share were also reduced to $4.625.
In return, the securityholder agreed to significant restrictions (based on
daily trading volume) on the number of shares of common stock that it could
sell through May 2002.  In connection with the transaction, the Company
recorded a charge of $396,880 which is included in Other Expenses in the
Consolidated Statement of Operations.  The amount of the charge is based upon
the difference between the fair value (as determined under the Black-Scholes
pricing model) of the 1,690,000 warrants currently exercisable at $4.625 per
share compared to the fair value of the 720,000 warrants previously exercisable
at $8.25 per share and the 970,000 warrants previously exercisable at $5.75 per
share.

     In March 2002, the number of warrants and the exercise price thereof was
adjusted as a result of a private placement of common stock completed at that
time (Note 15).  As provided in the original warrant terms, the exercise price
of the 1,690,000 warrants was reduced to $2.15 which represents the per share
selling price of the common stock sold in the private placement. In addition,
the security holder received an additional 130,123 warrants exercisable at $2.15
per share under the anti-dilution provision included in the original warrant
terms.

9. COMMON STOCK

     In June 2000, the Company completed a private placement of 1,405,956
shares of common stock, which raised approximately $9.9 million in net
proceeds.  In connection with the financing, the Company issued 200,000
warrants to purchase common stock at $10.00 per share and 300,000 warrants to
purchase common stock at $8.00 per share. The warrants contain a provision that
will decrease the exercise price of the warrants to the market price (defined
as the weighted average sales price per share for the 20 trading days ending on
June 1, 2001) if the market price is less than the exercise price of the
warrants.  In addition, subject to certain exceptions, the exercise price of
the warrants will also be reduced if the Company issues to all of the holders
of its common stock certain dividends or securities.

     In June 2001, the Company entered into an agreement with a securityholder
whereby the securityholder agreed to defer the effective date of the reset
provision contained in its 500,000 warrants (300,000 exercisable at $8.00 per
share and 200,000 exercisable at $10.00 per share) until June 30, 2002, at
which time the exercise price will be reset to the lower of (x) the weighted
average sales price per share for the 20 trading days ending on June 1, 2001
and (y) the greater of (i) the weighted average sales price per share of common
stock for the 20 trading days ending on June 30, 2002 and (ii) $3.00.  In
addition, the agreement provided that in the event of any reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger or similar transaction involving the
Company prior to June 30, 2002, the exercise price of the warrants will be
deemed to be $3.00 per share.  In return, the Company issued 160,000 additional
new warrants exercisable at $3.40 per share to the securityholder.  The Company
was not required to record an initial charge in connection with the transaction
because the fair value (as determined under the Black-Scholes pricing model) of
the 160,000 new warrants being issued was equivalent to the net decrease in the
fair value of the existing warrants resulting from the one year deferral in the
reset provision.  The Company is also obligated to issue additional warrants in
an amount equal to 9.9% of the increase in common stock outstanding through
June 30, 2004, provided that the total number of such additional warrants
cannot exceed 240,000.  The Company recorded a charge of approximately $287,000
in 2001 which is included in Other Expenses in the Consolidated Statement of
Operations related to this obligation.

                                      38
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     In February 1999, the Company completed a private placement of 647,668
shares of common stock that raised approximately $2.3 million in net proceeds.
The investor also received warrants to purchase 97,150 shares of common stock
at a price of $4.81 per share.

10. PREFERRED STOCK

     The Company has authorized 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock of which
25,000 shares have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and
500,000 shares have been designated as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock.
The remaining authorized shares have not been designated.

  Series A Preferred Stock

     In connection with the 1996 private placement of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock, the Company granted options to acquire 23.991 units to the
placement agent.  Each unit consists of 1,000 shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock and warrants to purchase 2,500 shares of common stock at a unit
exercise price of $110,000.  There were 22.607 unit options outstanding at
December 31, 2001.

     Each share of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock was convertible
into shares of common stock pursuant to a ratio of 17.53771 shares of common
stock for each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.  The Company
issued 87,121 and 210,681 shares of common stock during 2000 and 1999,
respectively, related to the conversion of 4,983 and 12,013 shares of Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock, respectively.

  Series C Preferred Stock

     In February 1999, the Company completed a private placement of Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock ("Series C Stock") which raised approximately $5.6
million in net proceeds.  In connection with the financing, the Company issued
(i) 315,416 shares of Series C Stock and (ii) 569,248 warrants to purchase
common stock at $5.06 per share and 219,234 warrants to purchase common stock
at $6.09 per share.  In connection with this financing, the Company paid
$372,725 to the placement agent and issued 162,307 warrants to purchase common
stock at $5.06 per share and 54,808 warrants to purchase common stock at $6.09
per share to the placement agent.

     Each share of the Series C Stock was convertible at the option of the
holder into shares of common stock pursuant to a ratio of five shares of common
stock for each share of Series C Stock.  The initial conversion price of the
Series C Stock was at a discount to the market price on the date of issuance
and the terms provided for a minimum return of 25%.  The intrinsic value of
this beneficial conversion of approximately $1.9 million was recognized as a
preferred stock preference in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in 1999,
and represented a non-cash charge in the determination of net loss available to
common shareholders.  The net proceeds of $5.6 million was allocated between
the warrants and the Series C Stock based on their relative fair values.
Because the redemption of the Series C Stock was not within the control of the
Company, the amount allocated to the Series C Stock was reflected outside of
stockholders' equity as "mezzanine" financing.  The Series C Stock was accreted
to its redemption value of $6,150,000, resulting in the recognition of an
additional $2.5 million of preferred stock preferences.

     In November 1999, the Company extended an exchange offer to the Series C
stockholders wherein it agreed to issue certain consideration for each share of
Series C Stock converted into common stock, pursuant to the then applicable
ratio of five shares of common stock for each share of Series C Stock.  Such
consideration consisted of $4 for each share of Series C Stock converted, as
well as one warrant (for each share of Series C Stock converted) to purchase
stock at an exercise price of $6 per share.  In connection with the exchange
offer, the Company paid $600,564 and issued 150,141 warrants in exchange for
the conversion of a total of 150,141 shares of Series C Stock into 750,705
shares of common stock.  A charge of $1,038,375 representing the fair value of
the warrants issued ($437,811) and the cash paid ($600,564) was directly
recorded as a preferred stock preference in the Consolidated Statement of
Operations in 1999.

     In addition to the shares converted in connection with the exchange offer,
53,669 and 111,606 shares of Series C Stock were converted into 300,614 and
576,824 shares of common stock during 2000 and 1999, respectively.

                                      39
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

11. STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

  Stock Option Plans

     The Amended and Restated Omnibus Stock Option Plan allows for the issuance
of options to purchase up to 1,200,000 shares of the Company's common stock
through April 2005.  The 1998 Omnibus Plan provides for the issuance of options
to purchase up to 2,900,000 shares of the Company's common stock through April
2008.  In October 2001, the Board of Directors increased the number of shares
issuable upon exercise of options granted under the 1998 Omnibus Plan from
2,300,000 to 2,900,000. Both plans provide for the issuance of both
nonqualified stock options and incentive stock options to employees, officers,
consultants and scientific advisors of the Company.  The Company's Board of
Directors determines the term of each option, vesting provisions, option price,
number of shares for which each option is granted and the rate at which each
option is exercisable.  The term of each option cannot exceed ten years.  The
exercise price of incentive stock options shall not be less than the fair
market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. Nonqualified
stock options may be issued under the Omnibus Plan at an option price
determined by the Board of Directors which shall not be less than 50% of the
fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant.

     The Directors' Plan allows for the issuance of up to 800,000 shares of the
Company's common stock through April 2005.  The Director's Plan provides for an
automatic yearly grant of options to all non-employee directors of up to 2,500
options.  Non-qualified stock options issued pursuant to the automatic yearly
grant have an exercise price equivalent to 20% of the quoted market price of
the Company's common stock on the date of grant.  Compensation expense related
to the intrinsic value of options issued in connection with the annual grant
totaled approximately $25,000 in 2001, 2000 and 1999.  All options granted
under the Directors' Plan have a term of ten years from the date of grant and
generally vest over periods up to three years.

  Stock Options

     A summary of the status of the Company's stock option plans as of December
31, 2001, 2000, and 1999 and changes during the years ending on those dates is
presented below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   2001                          2000                            1999
                                    -----------------------------   ---------------------------   ----------------------------
                                                     Weighted-                    Weighted-                      Weighted-
                                                      Average                      Average                        Average
                                                      Exercise                     Exercise                       Exercise
                                        Shares        Price           Shares         Price           Shares         Price
                                    -------------  -------------  --------------  ------------  ---------------  -------------
<S>                                   <C>              <C>           <C>              <C>           <C>              <C>
Outstanding at beginning of year      1,956,351        $ 4.04        1,836,311        $ 3.88        1,368,528        $ 3.74
Granted                               1,809,080          2.49          516,530          3.75          712,850          3.25
Exercised                              (48,004)          0.91        (309,428)          2.47        (235,067)          1.25
Forfeited and expired                 (153,509)          3.31         (87,062)          4.62         (10,000)          2.00
                                    -------------                 --------------                ---------------
Outstanding at end of year            3,563,918          3.33        1,956,351          4.04        1,836,311          3.88
                                    -------------                 --------------                ---------------
Options exercisable at year-end       2,754,968          3.58        1,795,851          4.04        1,514,705          3.91
                                    =============                 ==============                ===============
Weighted-average fair value of
   options granted during the year                     $ 1.61                         $ 2.51                         $ 3.83
</TABLE>

     The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding
at December 31, 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Options Outstanding                        Options Exercisable
                                  -----------------------------------------------------  ---------------------------------------
                                                         Weighted-
                                                          Average           Weighted-                            Weighted-
      Range of                         Number           Remaining            Average        Number                Average
   Exercise Prices                  Outstanding      Contractual Life     Exercise Price  Exercisable          Exercise Price
--------------------------------  ---------------  -------------------  ---------------  -----------------  ---------------------
    <S>                               <C>              <C>                    <C>           <C>                    <C>
    $0.63 - $0.82                        37,808        4.8 years              $0.76            37,808              $0.76
    $1.05 - $1.19                         8,712        5.7 years               1.15             8,712               1.15
    $1.79 - $2.61                     1,309,558        9.3 years               2.16           703,483               2.17
    $3.00 - $4.47                     1,889,765        7.6 years               3.53         1,699,140               3.58
    $4.53 - $6.56                       118,975        4.9 years               6.19           111,225               6.22
    $7.65 - $9.38                       199,100        4.2 years               7.93           194,600               7.90
                                  ---------------  -------------------  ---------------  -----------------  ---------------------
                                      3,563,918        7.9 years              $3.33         2,754,968              $3.58
                                  ===============  ===================  ===============  =================  =====================
</TABLE>

                                      40
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     As of December 31, 2001, 574,136 shares are available for grant under the
Company's option plans.

  Stock-Based Compensation

     If the Company had valued awards issued to qualified employees using the
fair value methodology prescribed by SFAS No. 123, the Company's net loss, and
basic and diluted net loss per share, would have equaled the pro forma amounts
indicated below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     2001            2000            1999
                                               --------------  --------------  --------------
<S>                                            <C>              <C>            <C>
Net loss
  As reported                                  $ (10,252,587)  $ (10,654,264)  $ (13,964,484)
  Pro forma                                    $ (12,257,170)  $ (11,969,875)  $ (16,398,389)
Basic and diluted loss per share available to
   common shareholders
  As reported                                  $       (0.49)  $       (0.55)  $       (0.95)
  Pro forma                                    $       (0.59)  $       (0.62)  $       (1.11)
</TABLE>

     The fair value of each option grant was estimated on the date of the grant
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions:
dividend yield of zero percent; expected volatility of 100 percent; risk-free
interest rates, based on the date of grant, ranging from 5.00% to 6.00%; and
expected lives ranging from three to five years.

  Warrants

     The Company issued 10,000, 50,000, and 33,187 warrants to certain
consultants and business advisors as partial compensation for their services
during the years ending December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.  The
Company recorded non-cash charges of $5,405, $146,710, and $110,317
representing the fair value of those warrants during 2001, 2000, and 1999,
respectively.  In addition, warrants have been issued in connection with
financing transactions as described above.

     As of December 31, 2001, warrants outstanding were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                              Exercise Price          Warrants
              Date of Issue                     per Share           Outstanding             Expiration Date
------------------------------------------  -------------------  -----------------  ----------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>                     <C>               <C>
October 2001                                           $1.90             10,000         October 2011
June 2001                                              $3.40            160,000         June 2006
June 2000                                     $8.00 - $10.00            500,000         May 2005
January 2000                                     5.00 - 6.00             50,000         January 2003
November 1999                                           6.00            133,531         November 2004
September 1999                                          4.25            216,000         September 2004
September 1999                                   4.63 - 5.75          1,980,000         September 2004
January 1999 - March 1999                        2.50 - 6.00             23,187         January 2004 - March 2004
February 1999                                    4.81 - 6.09            945,252         February 2004
January 1998                                     2.13 - 4.00             39,800         January 2003
January 1997                                           15.00             20,000         January 2007
June 1996                                              11.00             32,749         June 2006
February 1996                                           6.71            521,627         February 2006
August 1995                                             6.81             24,923         July 2005
                                                                 -----------------
                                                                      4,657,069
                                                                 =================
</TABLE>

                                      41
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     The table above does not include contingently issuable warrants (Note 8
and 9).  Each warrant is exercisable into one share of common stock.  No
warrants were exercised or cancelled in 2001.  At December 31, 2001, the
Company has reserved 9,561,721 shares of common stock to meet its option and
warrant obligations.

  Rights Agreement

     On September 11, 2001, the Board of Directors of the Company declared a
dividend distribution of one preferred stock purchase right (a "Right") for
each share of Common Stock.  Each Right entitles the registered holder to
purchase from the Company one-thousandth of a share of its Series D Preferred
Stock at an exercise price of $25.  The distribution of Rights was payable on
September 13, 2001 to the record holders of Common Stock at the close of
business on that date.  The Rights will expire on September 11, 2011.

     In general, the Rights will be exercisable only if a person or group
acquires 15% or more of the Company's Common Stock or announces a tender offer,
the consummation of which would result in ownership by a person or group of 15%
or more of the Company's Common Stock.  If, after the Rights become
exercisable, the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination
transaction, or sells 25% or more of its assets or earning power, each
unexercised Right will entitle its holder to purchase, at the Right's
then-current exercise price, a number of the acquiring Company's common shares
having a market value at the time of twice the Right's exercise price.  At any
time after any person or group has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more
of the Company's Common Stock, the Board, in its sole discretion, may exchange
all or part of the then outstanding and exercisable Rights for shares of Common
Stock at an exchange ratio of one share of Common Stock per Right.

12. INCOME TAXES

    Income tax benefit consists of the following for the years ended December
31:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            2001              2000              1999
                                                      ---------------  ----------------  ----------------
<S>                                                    <C>               <C>               <C>
Federal                                                $  2,700,000      $  3,367,000      $  3,633,000
State                                                     1,128,000         1,218,000         1,233,000
                                                      ---------------  ----------------  ----------------
                                                          3,828,000         4,585,000         4,866,000
Valuation allowance                                     (3,828,000)       (4,585,000)       (4,866,000)
                                                      ---------------  ----------------  ----------------
                                                        $         -      $          -      $          -
                                                      ================  ================  ================
</TABLE>

Deferred tax assets consist of the following at December 31:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           2001              2000              1999
                                                    -----------------  ----------------  ----------------
<S>                                                   <C>               <C>               <C>
Net operating loss carryforwards                      $  26,967,000     $  28,640,000     $  23,981,000
Capitalized research and development expenses             6,860,000         1,792,000         1,792,000
Research and development credit carryforwards             1,737,000         1,345,000           987,000
Other                                                       345,000           304,000           736,000
                                                    -----------------  ----------------  ----------------
Gross deferred tax assets                                35,909,000        32,081,000        27,496,000
Valuation allowance                                    (35,909,000)      (32,081,000)      (27,496,000)
                                                    -----------------  ----------------  ----------------
                                                      $           -     $           -     $           -
                                                    =================  ================  ================
</TABLE>

     The Company has provided a full valuation allowance for its deferred tax
assets since it is more likely than not that the future benefits related to
these assets will not be realized.  In the event the Company achieves
profitability, these deferred tax assets will be available to offset future
income tax liabilities and expense.

                                      42
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     A reconciliation between the amount of reported tax benefit and the amount
computed using the U.S.  Federal statutory rate of 35% for the year ended
December 31 is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                           2001              2000              1999
                                                    -----------------  ----------------  ----------------
<S>                                                   <C>                <C>              <C>
Benefit at statutory rate                             $ (3,588,000)     $ (3,729,000)     $ (4,888,000)
State taxes, net of federal benefit                       (579,000)         (668,000)         (877,000)
Research and development credit                           (461,000)         (437,000)         (243,000)
In process research and development costs
acquired through warrants                                         -                 -           484,000
Other                                                       800,000           249,000           658,000
                                                    -----------------  ----------------  ----------------
                                                        (3,828,000)       (4,585,000)       (4,866,000)
Benefit of loss not recognized, increase in
valuation allowance                                       3,828,000         4,585,000         4,866,000
                                                    -----------------  ----------------  ----------------
                                                      $           -     $           -     $           -
                                                    =================  ================  ================
</TABLE>

     As of December 31, 2001, the Company has federal net operating loss
carryforwards of $70,060,000 which expire beginning in 2007 and ending in 2021.
In addition, the Company has federal and state research and development credits
of $1,300,000 and $670,000, respectively, which expire beginning in 2010 and
2013, respectively, and ending in 2021 and 2016, respectively.  These net
operating loss carryforwards and research and development credits may be used
to offset future federal and state taxable income and tax liabilities.  A
portion of the net operating loss carryforwards totaling approximately
$1,539,000 relates to deductions for the exercise of nonqualified options and
certain warrants and will be credited to additional paid-in capital upon
realization.

     In connection with the Merger, the Company acquired approximately $90
million of net operating loss carryforwards of which approximately $11.6
million can be utilized by the Company under the ownership change provisions of
the Internal Revenue Code.  These net operating losses, which expire in 2009
and 2010, cannot offset the taxable income of any of the subsidiaries of the
Company.  In addition, ownership changes resulting from the Company's issuance
of common stock may limit the amount of net operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income.
The amount of the annual limitation is determined based upon the Company's
value immediately prior to the ownership change.  Subsequent significant
changes in ownership could further affect the limitation in future years.

13. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

  Operating Leases

     The Company leases certain office equipment, office space and laboratory
space under noncancelable operating leases.  The Company's current corporate
office lease expires in June 2002. On January 28, 2002, the Company entered
into a ten-year lease which contains provisions whereby the Company can sublet
all or part of the space and fully retain any sublease income generated.
During 2001, the Company entered into a lease for laboratory space that expires
in May 2004 and can be renewed by the Company for an additional two-year
period.  Approximate future minimum lease commitments under the above leases
are as follows:

   Year Ended
   December 31,                       Commitments
--------------------------  ------------------------
      2002                          $     300,316
      2003                                294,616
      2004                                275,116
      2005                                264,000
      2006                                272,800
 Thereafter                             1,557,600
                            ------------------------
                                    $   2,964,448
                            ========================

                                      43
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     Total rent expense under noncancelable operating leases was approximately
$207,000, $183,000, and $161,000 for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000,
and 1999, respectively, and approximately $1,032,000 for the period from
inception (October 16, 1992) through December 31, 2001.

  Litigation

     The Company is subject to legal proceedings in the normal course of
business.  Management believes that these proceedings will not have a material
adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements.

14. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     A director of the Company is a member of the Company's Scientific Advisory
Board pursuant to which the Company paid the director consulting fees totaling
approximately $53,000 in 2001 and 2000, respectively.

     A director of the Company is a director and Chairman of the Executive
Committee of the bank where the Company maintains its cash and cash equivalent
and investment accounts.  The Company paid approximately $43,000 and $51,000 to
the bank during fiscal 2001 and 2000, respectively, primarily for investment
management advisory services.

     A director of the Company was a Managing Director of the placement agents
hired by the Company in connection with the Company's private placements of
Series C preferred stock (Note 10) and 8% convertible debentures (Note 8).  In
connection with the Series C preferred stock financing, the Company paid
$372,725 to the placement agent and issued 162,307 warrants to purchase common
stock at $5.06 per share and 54,808 warrants to purchase common stock at $6.09
per share to the placement agent.  In connection with the 8% convertible
debentures financing, the Company paid $480,000 and issued 290,000 warrants
exercisable at $5.75 per share to the placement agent.

     During 2001, the Company issued promissory notes to two officers of the
Company in the amount of $10,000 and $55,000, respectively.  Both notes are
payable on demand and accrue interest at a rate of 6%.  As of December 31,
2001, the receivables related to these promissory notes total $66,095, and are
included in Other Current Assets in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet.

15. SUBSEQUENT EVENT

     In March 2002, the Company completed a private placement of 1,599,568
shares of common stock that raised approximately $3.44 million in gross
proceeds.  The investors also received warrants to purchase 399,892 shares of
common stock at a price of $2.75 per share.  In connection with this financing,
the Company paid $271,772 in cash and issued 157,557 warrants to purchase
common stock at $2.75 per share to the placement agent.

                                      44
<PAGE>

                           BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
                        (A Development Stage Enterprise)

               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

16. SUPPLEMENTARY QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

     The following tables present a condensed summary of quarterly consolidated
results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Quarter Ended
                               ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   March 31,            June 30,           September 30,        December 31,
                               ----------------  -------------------  -------------------  ------------------
<S>                              <C>                <C>                  <C>                  <C>
2001
  Revenues                       $          -       $            -       $            -       $           -
  Net loss                        (2,121,737)          (3,234,347)          (2,490,125)         (2,406,378)
  Basic and diluted net loss
     per share                   $     (0.10)       $       (0.16)       $       (0.12)       $      (0.12)

2000
  Revenues                       $          -       $            -       $            -       $           -
  Net loss                        (2,951,150)          (3,328,199)          (2,920,237)         (1,454,678)
  Basic and diluted net loss
     per share                   $     (0.17)       $       (0.17)       $       (0.14)       $      (0.07)
</TABLE>

                                      45
<PAGE>

                                        PART III

ITEM 9.     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
            FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

     Not applicable.

ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

     The information required by this Item 10, with respect to executive
officers, is hereby incorporated by reference to the text appearing under Part
1, Item 4A under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in this
Report, and, with respect to directors, by reference to the information
included under the headings "Information Regarding Directors", "Executive
Officers", and "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the
Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the 2002 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
Commission within 120 days after the close of the Company's fiscal year.

ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

     The information required by this Item 11 is hereby incorporated by
reference to the information under the heading "Executive Compensation" and
"Report of Compensation Committee on Executive Compensation" in the Company's
definitive Proxy Statement for the 2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the
close of its fiscal year.

ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.

     The information required by this Item 12 is hereby incorporated by
reference to the information under the heading "Security Ownership of Principal
Stockholders and Management" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for
the 2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission within 120 days after the close of its fiscal year.

ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

     The information required by this Item 13 is hereby incorporated by
reference to the information under the heading "Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the 2002
Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission within 120 days after the close of its fiscal year.

                                      46
<PAGE>

                                   PART IV

ITEM 14.    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

(a)(1)   Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company

         Financial Statements of the Registrant and Report of Independent
     Accountants thereon

         Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2001 and 2000

         Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended
     December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 and for the period from inception
     (October 16, 1992) through December 31, 2001

         Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss and Stockholders' Equity
     for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 and for the
     period from inception (October 16, 1992) through December 31, 2001

         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended
     December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, and for the period from inception
     (October 16, 1992) through December 31, 2001

         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(a)(2)   Financial Statement Schedules

         Schedules are omitted since the required information is not applicable
     or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the
     schedule, or because the information required is included in the
     Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto.

(a)(3)   Exhibits.

     The following exhibits are incorporated in this report by reference or
included and submitted with this report, as indicated.

Exhibit
Number                        Description and Method of Filing
------                       ----------------------------------
  2.1   Amended and Restated Agreement of Merger, dated as of December
        29, 1994, by and between the Company and Greenwich
        Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (1)
  2.2   Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Agreement of Merger,
        dated as of April 6, 1995, by and between the Company and
        Greenwich Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (2)
  3.1   Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated March
        29, 1996, as amended on June 9, 1997, and by the Certificate
        of Designations, Rights and Preferences of Series
        B Convertible Preferred Stock filed on February 5, 1999, the
        Certificate of Decrease of Series B Convertible Preferred
        Stock filed on February 18, 1999, and the Certificate of
        Designations, Rights and Preferences of Series C Convertible
        Preferred Stock filed on February 18, 1999 (3)
  3.2   Certificate of Decrease and Elimination of Series
        B Convertible Preferred Stock filed on June 29, 1999;
        Certificate of Decrease of Series A Convertible Preferred
        Stock filed on June 29, 1999; Certificate of Correction Filed
        on June 29, 1999; Certificate of Amendment of Amended and
        Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed on June 29, 1999
        (4)
  3.3   Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series
        A Preferred Stock filed December 30, 1999; Certificate of
        Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
        filed June 15, 2000; Certificate of Correction filed March
        16, 2001; Certificate of Elimination of Series A Convertible
        Preferred Stock filed on March 16, 2001; Certificate of
        Elimination of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock filed on
        March 16, 2001; Certificate of Designations, Preferences, and
        Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock filed March
        19, 2001; Certificate of Designations, Preferences, and Rights
        of Series D Preferred Stock filed March 19, 2001 (21)
  3.4   Restated Certificate of Designations, Preferences, and Rights
        of Series D Preferred Stock filed September 13, 2001 (16)
  3.5   Amended and Restated By Laws, effective as of June 26, 1995
        (6)
  4.1   Rights Agreement dated as of September 11, 2001 ("Rights
        Agreement") between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer
        & Trust Company, as Rights Agent (7)
  4.2   Specimen Common Stock Certificate (8)
  4.3   Form of Warrant Agreement by and among the Company, the
        Warrant Agent and Paramount Capital, Inc. and related Form of
        Warrant Certificate for Purchase of Common Stock (9)
  4.4   Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrants received by The Tail Wind Fund,
        Ltd. ("Tail Wind") and Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by
        certain other investors (10)
  4.5   Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by purchasers of Series B
        Preferred Stock and Series C preferred Stock (11)

                                      47
<PAGE>

  4.6   Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by holders of Series C
        preferred Stock (12)
  4.7   Form of 8% Convertible Debenture dated as of September 22, 1999, Form of
        Class A Warrant dated as of September 22, 1999, Form of Class B Warrant
        dated as of September 22, 1999 (13)
  4.8   Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by Pictet Global Sector
        Fund-Biotech (14); as amended on March 27, 2001 and June 25,
        2001 (5).
  4.9   Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by Pictet Global Sector
        Fund-Biotech (5)
  4.10  Omnibus Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2001, by and between the Company
        and Brown Simpson Partners I, Ltd. (5)
  4.11  Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by MTR and the Trout
        Group and Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by HCW, Matthew
        Balk, Scott Weisman, Jason Adelman and Eric Singer (17)
  4.12  Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by the Investors to the
        March 2002 Private Placement (15)
 10.1   Boston Life Sciences, Inc. Amended and Restated Omnibus Stock Option
        Plan (2)
 10.2   Employment Agreement between Boston Life Sciences, Inc. and S. David
        Hillson dated as of November 7, 1994; Election Notice from S. David
        Hillson to Boston Life Sciences, Inc. dated December 29, 1994 relating
        to election of certain compensation pursuant to the terms of the
        Employment Agreement between Boston Life Sciences, Inc. and S. David
        Hillson; First Amendment dated January 25, 1995 to Employment Agreement
        between Boston Life Sciences, Inc. and S. David Hillson (2)
 10.3   Amendment and Extension dated January 9, 1997 of Employment Agreement
        between Boston Life Sciences, Inc. and S. David Hillson; Renewal of
        Employment Agreement dated December 28, 1999 between Boston Life
        Sciences, Inc. and S. David Hillson; Employment Contract, Extension and
        Special Retirement Provision dated January 23, 2001 between Boston Life
        Sciences, Inc. and S. David Hillson (22)
 10.4   Boston Life Sciences, Inc. Amended and Restated 1990 Non-Employee
        Directors' Non Qualified Stock Option Plan, as amended (18)
 10.5   Boston Life Sciences, Inc. 1998 Omnibus Stock Option Plan, as amended
        (19, 20)
 10.6   Purchase Agreement dated February 5, 1999 between Tail Wind and the
        Company (3)
 10.7   Registration Rights Agreement dated February 5, 1999 between Tail Wind
        and the Company (3)
 10.8   Form of Subscription Agreement for Series B Preferred Stock (3)
 10.9   Form of Exchange Agreement between the Company and Holders of Series B
        Preferred Stock (3)
 10.10  Supplement of Subscription Agreement for Series B Preferred Stock (3)
 10.11  Securities Purchase Agreement among the Company and the purchasers of
        the 8% Convertible Debentures dated as of September 22, 1999 (13)
 10.12  Registration Rights Agreement among the Company and the purchasers of
        the 8% Convertible Debentures dated as of September 22, 1999 (13)
 10.13  Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 1, 2000 between the Pictet
        Global Sector Fund-Biotech and the Company (11)
 10.14  Registration Rights Agreement dated June 1, 2000 between the Pictet
        Global Sector Fund-Biotech and the Company (11)
 10.15  Manufacturing Agreement dated August 9, 2000 between Boston Life
        Sciences, Inc. and MDS Nordion, Inc. (22)*
 10.16  Amendment dated August 23, 2001 to Manufacturing Agreement dated August
        9, 2000 between Boston Life Sciences, Inc. and MDS Nordion, Inc. (22)*
 10.17  Form of Subscription Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2002, executed by
        the Company and each investor in the private placement (15)
 10.18  Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2002, by and among
        the Company and the Investors named therein (15)
 21.1   Subsidiaries of the Registrant (22)
 23.1   Consent of Independent Accountants (22)

--------------
 (1)     Incorporated by reference to Greenwich's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
         the year ended December 31, 1994
 (2)     Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement of Greenwich
         Pharmaceuticals Incorporated on Form S-4, Registration No. 33-91106
 (3)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
         year ended December 31, 1998
 (4)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
         the quarter ended September 30, 1999
 (5)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
         the quarter ended June 30, 2001
 (6)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
         year ended December 31, 1995
 (7)     Incorporated by reference to Greenwich's Current Report on Form 8-K
         dated September 26, 1991, Greenwich's Registration Statement on Form 8-
         A dated October 22, 1991, Greenwich's Form 8 dated July 28, 1993,
         Greenwich's Form 8-A/A dated August 8, 1994, BLSI's Form 8-A/A dated
         March 20, 2001 and BLSI's Form 8-A/A dated September 13, 2001
 (8)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Registration Statement on Form S-3
         (No. 33-25955)
 (9)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Registration Statement on Form S-3
         (No. 333-2730)
 (10)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Registration Statement on Form S-3
         (No. 333-75175)
 (11)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Registration Statement on Form S-3
         (No. 333-44298)
 (12)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Registration Statement on Form S-3
         (No. 333-74775)
 (13)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Report on Form 8-K dated September
         27, 1999

                                      48
<PAGE>

(14)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Report on Form 8-K dated June 1,
         2000
(15)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Report on Form 8-K dated March 11,
         2002
(16)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Report on Form 8-A/A dated
         September 13, 2001
(17)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Registration Statement on Form S-3
         (No. 333-40408)
(18)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Proxy Statement in connection with
         its 1999 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
(19)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Proxy Statement in connection with
         its 2000 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
(20)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Proxy Statement in connection with
         its 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
(21)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's annual report on Form 10-K for the
         year ended December 31, 2000
(22)     Filed herewith

*        Confidential status has been requested for certain portions thereof
         pursuant to an Application for Confidential Treatment, which portions
         have been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

(b)     REPORTS ON FORM 8-K: The Registrant filed the following Reports on Form
        8-K during the fourth quarter of 2001 and through March 22, 2002:

Date of Report                                                          Reported
--------------                                                          --------
March 11, 2002                                                             5,7

                                      49
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                         BOSTON LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
                                         (REGISTRANT)

March 29, 2002                           By:      /s/ S. David Hillson
                                            -----------------------------------
                                                  S. David Hillson
                                             Chairman, President & Chief
                                             Executive Officer

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      Signature                                 Title                       Date
      ---------                                 -----                       ----
      <S>                             <C>                               <C>
      /s/ S. David Hillson            Chairman, President & Chief       March 29, 2002
----------------------------------     Executive Officer (Principal
      S. David Hillson, Esq.           Executive Officer)

      /s/ Joseph P. Hernon            Executive Vice President,         March 29, 2002
----------------------------------     Chief Financial Officer and
      Joseph P. Hernon, CPA            Secretary (Principal
                                       Financial and Accounting
                                       Officer)

      /s/ Marc E. Lanser              Director, Executive Vice          March 29, 2002
----------------------------------     President & Chief Scientific
      Marc E. Lanser, M.D.             Officer

      /S/ Colin B. Bier               Director                          March 29, 2002
----------------------------------
      Colin B. Bier, Ph.D.

      /s/ Scott Weisman               Director                          March 29, 2002
----------------------------------
      Scott Weisman, Esq.

      /s/ Robert Langer               Director                          March 29, 2002
----------------------------------
      Robert Langer, Sc.D.

      /s/ Ira W. Lieberman            Director                          March 29, 2002
----------------------------------
      Ira W. Lieberman, Ph.D.

      /S/ E. Christopher Palmer       Director                          March 29, 2002
----------------------------------
      E. Christopher Palmer, CPA
</TABLE>

                                      50
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit                                                                                Page
Number                        Description and Method of Filing                        Number
------                       ----------------------------------                       ------
<S>     <C>                                                                           <C>
  2.1   Amended and Restated Agreement of Merger, dated as of December 29, 1994,
        by and between the Company and Greenwich Pharmaceuticals Incorporated
        (1)
  2.2   Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Agreement of Merger, dated as of
        April 6, 1995, by and between the Company and Greenwich Pharmaceuticals
        Incorporated.(2)
  3.1   Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated March 29, 1996,
        as amended on June 9, 1997, and by the Certificate of Designations,
        Rights and Preferences of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock filed on
        February 5, 1999, the Certificate of Decrease of Series B Convertible
        Preferred Stock filed on February 18, 1999, and the Certificate of
        Designations, Rights and Preferences of Series C Convertible Preferred
        Stock filed on February 18, 1999 (3)
  3.2   Certificate of Decrease and Elimination of Series B Convertible
        Preferred Stock filed on June 29, 1999; Certificate of Decrease of
        Series A Convertible Preferred Stock filed on June 29, 1999; Certificate
        of Correction Filed on June 29, 1999; Certificate of Amendment of
        Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed on June 29, 1999
        (4)
  3.3   Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A
        Preferred Stock filed December 30, 1999; Certificate of Amendment of
        Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed June 15, 2000;
        Certificate of Correction filed March 16, 2001; Certificate of
        Elimination of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock filed on March 16,
        2001; Certificate of Elimination of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
        filed on March 16, 2001; Certificate of Designations, Preferences, and
        Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock filed March 19, 2001;
        Certificate of Designations, Preferences, and Rights of Series D
        Preferred Stock filed March 19, 2001 (21)
  3.4   Restated Certificate of Designations, Preferences, and Rights of Series
        D Preferred Stock filed September 13, 2001 (16)
  3.5   Amended and Restated By Laws, effective as of June 26, 1995 (6)
  4.1   Rights Agreement dated as of September 11, 2001 ("Rights Agreement")
        between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as
        Rights Agent (7)
  4.2   Specimen Common Stock Certificate (8)
  4.3   Form of Warrant Agreement by and among the Company, the Warrant Agent
        and Paramount Capital, Inc. and related Form of Warrant Certificate for
        Purchase of Common Stock (9)
  4.4   Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrants received by The Tail Wind Fund,
        Ltd. ("Tail Wind") and Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by
        certain other investors (10)
  4.5   Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by purchasers of Series B
        Preferred Stock and Series C preferred Stock (11)
  4.6   Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by holders of Series C
        preferred Stock (12)
  4.7   Form of 8% Convertible Debenture dated as of September 22, 1999, Form of
        Class A Warrant dated as of September 22, 1999, Form of Class B Warrant
        dated as of September 22, 1999 (13)
  4.8   Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by Pictet Global Sector
        Fund-Biotech (14); as amended on March 27, 2001 and June 25,
        2001(5).
  4.9   Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by Pictet Global Sector
        Fund-Biotech (5)
  4.10  Omnibus Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2001, by and between the Company
        and Brown Simpson Partners I, Ltd. (5)
  4.11  Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by MTR and the Trout
        Group and Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by HCW, Matthew
        Balk, Scott Weisman, Jason Adelman and Eric Singer (17)
  4.12  Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant received by the Investors to the
        March 2002 Private Placement (15)
 10.1   Boston Life Sciences, Inc. Amended and Restated Omnibus Stock Option
        Plan (2)
 10.2   Employment Agreement between Boston Life Sciences, Inc. and S. David
        Hillson dated as of November 7, 1994; Election Notice from S. David
        Hillson to Boston Life Sciences, Inc. dated December 29, 1994 relating
        to election of certain compensation pursuant to the terms of the
        Employment Agreement between Boston Life Sciences, Inc. and S. David
        Hillson; First Amendment dated January 25, 1995 to Employment Agreement
        between Boston Life Sciences, Inc. and S. David Hillson (2)
</TABLE>

                                      51
<PAGE>

 10.3   Amendment and Extension dated January 9, 1997 of Employment Agreement
        between Boston Life Sciences, Inc. and S. David Hillson; Renewal of
        Employment Agreement dated December 28, 1999 between Boston Life
        Sciences, Inc. and S. David Hillson; Employment Contract, Extension and
        Special Retirement Provision dated January 23, 2001 between Boston Life
        Sciences, Inc. and S. David Hillson (22)
  10.4  Boston Life Sciences, Inc. Amended and Restated 1990 Non-Employee
        Directors' Non Qualified Stock Option Plan, as amended (18)
  10.5  Boston Life Sciences, Inc. 1998 Omnibus Stock Option Plan, as amended
        the Company and the Investors names therein (15)
  10.6  Purchase Agreement dated February 5, 1999 between Tail Wind and the
        Company (3)
  10.7  Registration Rights Agreement dated February 5, 1999 between Tail Wind
        and the Company (3)
  10.8  Form of Subscription Agreement for Series B Preferred Stock (3)
  10.9  Form of Exchange Agreement between the Company and Holders of Series B
        Preferred Stock (3)
  10.10 Supplement of Subscription Agreement for Series B Preferred Stock (3)
  10.11 Securities Purchase Agreement among the Company and the purchasers of
        the 8% Convertible Debentures dated as of September 22, 1999 (13)
  10.12 Registration Rights Agreement among the Company and the purchasers of
        the 8% Convertible Debentures dated as of September 22, 1999 (13)
  10.13 Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 1, 2000 between the Pictet
        Global Sector Fund-Biotech and the Company (11)
  10.14 Registration Rights Agreement dated June 1, 2000 between the Pictet
        Global Sector Fund-Biotech and the Company (11)
  10.15 Manufacturing Agreement dated August 9, 2000 between Boston Life
        Sciences, Inc. and MDS Nordion, Inc. (22)*
  10.16 Amendment dated August 23, 2001 to Manufacturing Agreement dated August
        9, 2000 between Boston Life Sciences, Inc. and MDS Nordion, Inc. (22)*
  10.17 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2002, executed by
        the Company and each investor in the private placement (15)
  10.18 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2002, by and among
        the Company and the Investors named therein (15)
  21.1  Subsidiaries of the Registrant (22)
  23.1  Consent of Independent Accountants (22)

--------------
 (1)     Incorporated by reference to Greenwich's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
         the year ended December 31, 1994
 (2)     Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement of Greenwich
         Pharmaceuticals Incorporated on Form S-4, Registration No. 33-91106
 (3)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
         year ended December 31, 1998
 (4)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
         the quarter ended September 30, 1999
 (5)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
         the quarter ended June 30, 2001
 (6)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
         year ended December 31, 1995
 (7)     Incorporated by reference to Greenwich's Current Report on Form 8-K
         dated September 26, 1991, Greenwich's Registration Statement on Form 8-
         A dated October 22, 1991, Greenwich's Form 8 dated July 28, 1993,
         Greenwich's Form 8-A/A dated August 8, 1994, BLSI's Form 8-A/A dated
         March 20, 2001 and BLSI's Form 8-A/A dated September 13, 2001
 (8)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Registration Statement on Form S-3
         (No. 33-25955)
 (9)     Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Registration Statement on Form S-3
         (No. 333-2730)
 (10)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Registration Statement on Form S-3
         (No. 333-75175)
 (11)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Registration Statement on Form S-3
         (No. 333-44298)
 (12)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Registration Statement on Form S-3
         (No. 333-74775)
 (13)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Report on Form 8-K dated September
         27, 1999
 (14)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Report on Form 8-K dated June 1,
         2000
 (15)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Report on Form 8-K dated March 11,
         2002
 (16)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Report on Form 8-A/A dated
         September 13, 2001
 (17)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Registration Statement on Form S-3
         (No. 333-40408)
 (18)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Proxy Statement in connection with
         its 1999 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 (19)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Proxy Statement in connection with
         its 2000 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 (20)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's Proxy Statement in connection with
         its 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 (21)    Incorporated by reference to BLSI's annual report on Form 10-K for the
         year ended December 31, 2000
 (22)    Filed herewith

*        Confidential status has been requested for certain portions thereof
         pursuant to an Application for Confidential Treatment, which portions
         have been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                                      52

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
