<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a4853254.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AFFINITY TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC. 10-K
<TEXT>


                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

(Mark One)
[ X ] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004

[    ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from ____________ to _____________.

                         Commission file number 0-28152

                         Affinity Technology Group, Inc.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                                    Delaware
         (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

                                   57-0991269
                      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

                       1053 B Sparkleberry Lane Extension
                               Columbia, SC 29223
                    (Address of principal executive offices)
                                   (Zip code)

                                 (803) 758-2511
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                      None

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                    Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share
                                (Title of class)

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [ X ] No [ ]

                                       1
<PAGE>


     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer.
Yes [ ] No [ X ]

     The aggregate market value of the Registrant's Common Stock held by
non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately $2,150,000 as of June 30,
2004. For purposes of such calculation, persons who hold more than 10% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, directors and officers of the Registrant and
certain of their immediate family members have been treated as affiliates. This
determination is not conclusive.

     There were 42,215,096 shares of the Registrant's Common Stock outstanding
as of March 15, 2005.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Certain portions of the Registrant's proxy statement with respect to the
2005 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Registrant have been incorporated by
reference herein.

                                       2
<PAGE>


     Item 1 of this Form 10-K entitled "Business" and Item 7 of this Form 10-K
entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and
actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements should be
considered in the context of the business risks set forth below in Item 1 of
this report under the caption "Business Risks."

Part I

Item 1. Business

     Affinity Technology Group, Inc. (the "Company") was formed to develop and
market technologies that enable financial institutions and other businesses to
provide consumer financial services electronically with reduced or no human
intervention. Products and services previously offered by the Company include
its DeciSys/RT(R) loan processing system, which automated the processing and
consummation of consumer financial services transactions; the Affinity Automated
Loan Machine (the ALM), which allowed an applicant to apply for and, if
approved, obtain a loan in as little as ten minutes; the Mortgage ALM, which
allowed an applicant to apply for a mortgage loan; e-xpertLender(R), which
permitted a financial institution to make automated lending decisions through
its call centers and branches; iDEAL, which permitted automobile lenders to make
automobile lending decisions for loan applications originated at automobile
dealers; and rtDS, which permitted lenders to deliver credit decisions to
applicants over the Internet. Due to capital constraints, the Company has
suspended all efforts to further develop, market and operate these products and
services. The Company's last processing contract terminated in late 2002, and
the Company has no plans in the near term to engage in further sales or other
activities related to its products or services, other than to attempt to license
certain of the patents that it owns. Currently, the Company's business
activities consist exclusively of attempting to enter into license agreements
with third parties to license the Company's rights under certain of its patents.

     In conjunction with its product development activities, the Company applied
for and obtained three patents. The Company has been granted two patents
covering its fully-automated loan processing systems (U. S. Patents No.
5,870,721 and 5,940,811). In August 2000, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
issued to the Company a patent covering the fully-automated establishment of a
financial account, including credit accounts (U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007). In
addition, in 1997 the Company acquired a patent that covers the automated
processing of an insurance binder through a kiosk (U. S. Patent No. 5,537,315).

     Both of the Company's patents covering fully automated loan processing
systems have been subject to reexamination by the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office (the "PTO") due to challenges to such patents by third parties. On
January 28, 2003, the Company received a Reexamination Certificate (U. S. Patent
No. 5,870,721 C1) from the PTO which formally concluded the reexamination of U.
S. Patent No. 5,870,721. On March 30, 2005, the Company received a Notice of
Intent to Issue Ex Parte Reexamination Certificate from the PTO indicating that
the reexamination of its other loan processing patent (U. S. Patent No.
5,940,811) had been closed. The Company expects to receive its Reexamination
Certificate in due course.

     On March 26, 2004, the Company was notified by Federated Department Stores,
Inc. ("Federated") and Ameritrade Holding Corporation ("Ameritrade") that they
had jointly filed a request with the PTO to reexamine U. S. Patent No.
6,105,007. On June 23, 2004, the Company received notification that the PTO had
granted the request for reexamination. The Company has lawsuits pending against
Federated and Ameritrade in the Columbia Division of the United States District
Court for the State of South Carolina (the "Columbia Federal Court") in which it
claims that both Federated and Ameritrade infringe U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007.
The Company has jointly, with Federated and Ameritrade, requested the Columbia
Federal Court to stay the lawsuits against Federated and Ameritrade pending
resolution of the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007. It is likely that
it will take an extended period of time to complete the reexamination
proceedings and the related litigation with Federated and Ameritrade. Moreover,
the PTO's grant of Federated's and Ameritrade's request for reexamination of U.
S. Patent No. 6,105,007 will likely have a material adverse effect on the
Company's patent licensing program and its ability to attract additional capital
resources in order to continue its operations.

                                       3
<PAGE>


     In November 2003, Household International, Inc. ("Household") filed a
declaratory judgment action against the Company in the United States District
Court in Wilmington, Delaware (the "Delaware Federal Court"). In its complaint
Household requested the Delaware Federal Court to rule that Household was not
infringing any of the claims of the Company's patents (U.S. Patent No. 5,870,721
C1, No. 5,940,811, and No. 6,105,007) and that the patents were not valid. The
Company filed counterclaims against Household claiming that Household infringes
U. S. Patent Nos. 5,870,721 C1, 5,940,811 and 6,105,007. The Company also filed
a motion with the Delaware Federal Court to transfer the case to the Columbia
Federal Court. In April 2004, the Delaware Federal Court granted the Company's
motion to transfer the case to Columbia Federal Court. As discussed above, the
PTO has granted the reexamination request filed by Federated and Ameritrade
relating to U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007. The Company has had discussions with
Household to jointly file a request with the Columbia Federal Court to stay the
Household action pending the resolution of the PTO's reexamination. The Company
believes that it is likely that the lawsuit will be stayed pending the
resolution of the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007.

     It is possible that third parties may bring additional actions to contest
all or some of the Company's patents. The Company can make no assurances that it
will not lose all or some of the claims covered by its existing patents.

     To date, the Company has generated substantial operating losses and has
been required to use a substantial amount of cash resources to fund its
operations. At December 31, 2004, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of
$62,756. As of March 31, 2005, the Company had almost completely exhausted its
remaining cash resources, and unless it secures additional capital immediately
it may have to consider alternatives for winding down its business, which may
include offering its patents for sale or filing for bankruptcy protection.
Moreover, the Company currently does not have the resources to repay the
principal and accrued interest outstanding under its convertible secured notes
(the "notes"), which have become due and payable in full as discussed in the
following paragraphs. If any of the holders of these notes takes action to
collect the amounts owed by the Company under these notes, the Company will be
forced to consider alternatives for winding down its business, which may include
offering its patents for sale or filing for bankruptcy protection.

     In 2002, 2003, and the first quarter of 2004, the Company issued an
aggregate of $1,280,336 principal amount of convertible secured notes to certain
investors as part of its efforts to raise additional capital. These notes bear
interest at 8%, are convertible into the Company's common stock at a conversion
rate of $.20 per share, and are secured by the Company's equity interest in
decisioning.com, Inc., which owns the Company's patent portfolio. The
outstanding notes include a note in the principal amount of $125,000 acquired on
June 3, 2002 by the Company's Chief Executive Officer and a note in the
principal amount of $100,000 acquired on November 5, 2003 by a subsidiary of The
South Financial Group, which owns approximately 12% of the Company's outstanding
capital stock. Principal and interest under these notes generally becomes
payable in full on the second anniversary of the date on which these notes were
issued. However, under the terms of the notes, the full amount of principal and
interest under all notes becomes immediately due and payable in certain events,
including bankruptcy or similar proceedings involving the Company, a default in
the payment of principal and interest under any note, or a change in control of
the Company.

     On June 2, 2004, notes with a principal amount of $756,336 became due and
payable. Additionally, on March 13, 2005 notes with a principal amount of
$200,000 became due and payable. The Company has had discussions with the
holders of these notes regarding the extension of the maturity date of these
notes. However, the Company has not been successful in reaching an agreement
with all of the holders of these notes regarding an extension of their maturity
date. Because the Company is currently in default regarding payment of principal
and interest due under certain of the notes, the full amount of principal and
interest outstanding under all notes has become due and payable. Accordingly,
the full amount of principal and accrued interest under all of these notes is
shown as a current liability of the Company as of December 31, 2004. As of
December 31, 2004, and December 31, 2003, the amount of principal and accrued
interest outstanding under all of the notes was $1,383,149 and $1,291,841,
respectively.

     To remain viable, the Company must generate working capital through the
sale of patent licenses or by raising additional capital. To date, the Company
generally has been unable to enter into licensing agreements with potential
licensees upon terms that are acceptable to the Company. As discussed above, the
Company has been forced to become involved in litigation with alleged
infringers. The Company believes that these lawsuits may take an extended period
of time to complete, and no assurance can be given that the Company will have
the resources necessary to complete these lawsuits or that it will be successful
in obtaining a favorable outcome. Moreover, the ongoing reexamination of U. S.
Patent No. 6,105,007 will likely take an extended period of time to complete and
adversely affect the Company's ability to enter into other licensing agreements.
Accordingly, to remain viable it is critical that the Company raise additional
capital immediately. The uncertainties of these litigation matters, the
reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007, and other factors affecting the
Company's short and long-term liquidity discussed above has impeded and will
likely continue to impede the Company's ability to raise additional capital. To
maintain the minimal resources necessary to support its current operations,
prosecute the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007, and execute a patent
licensing strategy, the Company does not believe that substantial additional
reductions in its operating expenses are feasible. No assurances can be given
that the Company will be able to raise additional capital or generate working
capital from its patent licensing business.

                                       4
<PAGE>


     The Company has been a defendant in a lawsuit brought by Temple Ligon, who
claims that the Company breached an agreement to give him a 1% equity interest
in the Company in consideration of services he claims to have performed in 1993
and 1994 in conjunction with the formation of the Company. In January 2004, this
litigation resulted in a jury verdict against the Company of $382,148. In
connection with the litigation and the resulting jury verdict, the Company filed
post-trial motions with the trial court in which, among other things, it claimed
that the jury verdict should be set aside. On July 23, 2004, the trial judge
granted the Company's motions, set aside the jury verdict, and ordered entry of
a judgment in favor of the Company. The plaintiff has appealed the trial judge's
ruling to the South Carolina Court of Appeals. If the Company becomes obligated
to pay more than an insignificant amount of damages in connection with this
litigation, it will be forced to consider alternatives for winding down its
business, which may include offering its patents for sale or filing for
bankruptcy protection.

     The Company maintains an Internet site at http://www.affi.net, although the
contents of such web site are not incorporated into this report. The Company has
made its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and
current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports available
through its web site free of charge through a link to the SEC's web site.

     The Company was incorporated as a Delaware corporation in 1994. Its
principal executive offices are located at 1053-B Sparkleberry Lane Extension,
Columbia, South Carolina 29223, and its telephone number is (803) 758-2511.
However, in April 2005, the Company expects to move its principal executive
offices to 8807 A Two Notch Road, Columbia, South Carolina 29223. Its telephone
number will remain unchanged.

     Patent Licensing Agent

     On May 27, 2003, decisioning.com entered into a legal representation
agreement with Withrow & Terranova, PLLC, pursuant to which decisioning.com
appointed Withrow & Terranova, PLLC as its exclusive representative for the
solicitation and negotiation of agreements to license decisioning.com's patents.
(This arrangement replaced the former patent licensing agent agreement between
decisioning.com and Information Ventures LLC d/b/a LPS Group, which was
terminated on April 30, 2003.) Under the agreement, Withrow & Terranova, PLCC
has agreed to promote, market, solicit, and negotiate the licensing of patents
with third parties and to represent decisioning.com as legal counsel in
connection with any patent litigation associated with the enforcement of the
patents. As compensation for its services under the agreement, Withrow &
Terranova will receive 25% of all revenues received by decisioning.com under any
patent agreements and 25% of all amounts paid in settlement of any patent
litigation commenced by the Company. The term of the agreement is for the life
of the patents, subject to either party's right to terminate the agreement for
"cause," as specified in the agreement, and without cause following the third
anniversary of the agreement. If the agreement is terminated by decisioning.com,
Withrow & Terranova, PLLC will be entitled to continue to receive compensation
attributable to patent agreements negotiated prior to termination and, if such
termination is without cause, compensation for certain future patent agreements.

                                       5
<PAGE>


     Competition

     The market for technologies that enable electronic commerce is highly
competitive and is subject to rapid innovation and technological change,
shifting consumer preferences, frequent new product introductions and
competition from traditional methods having all or some of the same features as
technologies enabling electronic commerce. Competitors in this market have
frequently taken different strategic approaches and have launched substantially
different products or services in order to exploit the same perceived market
opportunity. Until the market actually validates a strategy through widespread
acceptance of a product or service, it is difficult to identify all current or
potential market participants. There can be no assurance that the technologies
covered by the Company's patents will be competitive technologically or
otherwise.

     Electronic commerce technologies in general, including the methods covered
by the Company's patents, compete with traditional methods for processing
financial transactions. The success of the Company's patent licensing efforts
will depend in part on consumer acceptance of electronic commerce and industry
use of systems that are covered by the Company's patents.

     Intellectual Property

     The Company was issued two patents in 1999 covering systems and methods for
real-time loan processing over a computer network without human intervention
("System and Method for Real-time Loan Approval", U.S. Patent No. 5,870,721, and
"Closed-loop Financial Transaction Method and Apparatus," U.S. Patent No.
5,940,811). Both of the Company's patents covering fully automated loan
processing systems expire in 2013 and have been subject to reexamination by the
PTO due to requests by third parties who have challenged the validity of the
patents. On January 28, 2003, the Company received a Reexamination Certificate
relating to the completion of the PTO's reexamination of U. S. Patent No.
5,870,721. On March 30, 2005, the Company received a Notice of Intent to Issue
Ex Parte Reexamination Certificate from the PTO indicating that the
reexamination of its other loan processing patent (U. S. Patent No. 5,940,811)
had been closed. The Company expects to receive its Reexamination Certificate
for this patent in due course.

     In August 2000, the Company was issued a patent covering the automated
establishment of a financial account without human intervention ("Automatic
Financial Account Processing System", U.S. Patent No. 6,105,007). The patent
expires in 2013. On June 23, 2004, the Company was notified by the PTO that it
had granted a reexamination request previously filed by Federated Department
Stores, Inc. ("Federated") and Ameritrade Holding Corporation ("Ameritrade") to
reexamine U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007. The Company has lawsuits pending against
Federated and Ameritrade in the Columbia Division of the United States District
Court for the State of South Carolina (the "Court") in which it claims that both
Federated and Ameritrade infringe U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007. The Company has
jointly, with Federated and Ameritrade, requested the Court to stay the lawsuits
against Federated and Ameritrade pending resolution of the reexamination of U.
S. Patent No. 6,105,007. It is likely that it will take an extended period of
time to complete the reexamination proceedings and the related litigation with
Federated and Ameritrade. Moreover, the PTO's grant of Federated's and
Ameritrade's request for reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007 will likely
have a material adverse effect on the Company's patent licensing program and its
ability to attract additional capital resources in order to continue its
operations.

     Other parties may take actions to challenge the Company's patents. The
Company can make no assurances that it will not lose all or some of the claims
covered by its existing patents.

     The Company also holds a patent, which expires in 2014, covering the
issuance of insurance products automatically through a kiosk ("Method and
Apparatus for Issuing Insurance from a Kiosk", U.S. Patent No. 5,537,315).

     "DeciSys/RT", and "e-xpertLender" are registered trademarks of the Company
and "Affinity Technologies," "iDEAL," "rtDS," and "Affinity enabled" are
registered service marks of the Company.

     The Company's success is completely dependent upon its ability to defend
and license its patents. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able
to protect its intellectual property. Moreover, there can be no assurance that
new technological innovations will not be developed and widely accepted by the
market which will render obsolete the types of systems and methods over which
the Company believes it has proprietary intellectual property rights.

                                       6
<PAGE>


     Employees

     At December 31, 2004, the Company employed 3 full-time employees, compared
to 2 full-time employees and 2 part-time employees at December 31, 2003. The
Company has no collective bargaining agreements.

     Business Risks

     In addition to the other information in this report, readers should
carefully consider the following important factors, among others, that in some
cases have affected, and in the future could affect, the Company's actual
results and could cause the Company's future results to differ materially from
those expressed in any forward looking statements made by, or on behalf of, the
Company.

     Limited Capital Resources; Operating Losses

     The Company has generated net losses of $68,678,032 since its inception and
has financed its operations primarily through net proceeds from its initial
public offering in May 1996 and cash generated from operations and other
financing transactions. Net proceeds from the Company's initial public offering
were $60,088,516.

     To date, the Company has generated substantial operating losses and has
been required to use a substantial amount of cash resources to fund its
operations. At December 31, 2004, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of
$62,756. As of March 31, 2005, the Company had almost completely exhausted its
remaining cash resources, and unless it secures additional capital immediately
it may have to consider alternatives for winding down its business, which may
include offering its patents for sale or filing for bankruptcy protection.
Moreover, the Company currently does not have the resources to repay the
principal and accrued interest outstanding under its convertible secured notes,
which have become due and payable in full as discussed in the following
paragraphs. If any of the holders of these notes takes action to collect the
amounts owed by the Company under these notes, the Company will be forced to
consider alternatives for winding down its business, which may include offering
its patents for sale or filing for bankruptcy protection.

     In 2002, 2003, and the first quarter of 2004, the Company issued an
aggregate of $1,280,336 principal amount of convertible secured notes to certain
investors as part of its efforts to raise additional capital. These notes bear
interest at 8%, are convertible into the Company's common stock at a conversion
rate of $.20 per share, and are secured by the Company's equity interest in
decisioning.com, Inc., which owns the Company's patent portfolio. The
outstanding notes include a note in the principal amount of $125,000 acquired on
June 3, 2002 by the Company's Chief Executive Officer and a note in the
principal amount of $100,000 acquired on November 5, 2003 by a subsidiary of The
South Financial Group, which owns approximately 12% of the Company's outstanding
capital stock. Principal and interest under these notes generally becomes
payable in full on the second anniversary of the date on which these notes were
issued. However, under the terms of the notes, the full amount of principal and
interest under all notes becomes immediately due and payable in certain events,
including bankruptcy or similar proceedings involving the Company, a default in
the payment of principal and interest under any note, or a change in control of
the Company.

     On June 2, 2004, notes with a principal amount of $756,336 became due and
payable. Additionally, on March 13, 2005 notes with a principal amount of
$200,000 became due and payable. The Company has had discussions with the
holders of these notes regarding the extension of the maturity date of these
notes. However, the Company has not been successful in reaching an agreement
with all of the holders of these notes regarding an extension of their maturity
date. Because the Company is currently in default regarding payment of principal
and interest due under certain of the notes, the full amount of principal and
interest outstanding under all notes has become due and payable. Accordingly,
the full amount of principal and accrued interest under all of these notes is
shown as a current liability of the Company as of December 31, 2004. As of
December 31, 2004, and December 31, 2003, the amount of principal and accrued
interest outstanding under all of the notes was $1,383,149 and $1,291,841,
respectively.

                                       7
<PAGE>


     To remain viable, the Company must generate working capital through the
sale of patent licenses or by raising additional capital. To date, the Company
generally has been unable to enter into licensing agreements with potential
licensees upon terms that are acceptable to the Company. As a result, the
Company has been forced to become involved in litigation with alleged
infringers. The Company believes that these lawsuits may take an extended period
of time to complete, and no assurance can be given that the Company will have
the resources necessary to complete these lawsuits or that it will be successful
in obtaining a favorable outcome. Moreover, the ongoing reexamination of U. S.
Patent No. 6,105,007 will likely take an extended period of time to complete and
adversely affect the Company's ability to enter into other licensing agreements.
Accordingly, to remain viable it is critical that the Company raise additional
capital immediately. The uncertainties of these litigation matters, the
reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007, and other factors affecting the
Company's short and long-term liquidity discussed above has impeded and will
likely continue to impede the Company's ability to raise additional capital. To
maintain the minimal resources necessary to support its current operations,
prosecute the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007, and execute a patent
licensing strategy, the Company does not believe that substantial additional
reductions in its operating expenses are feasible. No assurances can be given
that the Company will be able to raise additional capital or generate working
capital from its patent licensing business.

     The Company has been a defendant in a lawsuit brought by Temple Ligon, who
claims that the Company breached an agreement to give him a 1% equity interest
in the Company in consideration of services he claims to have performed in 1993
and 1994 in conjunction with the formation of the Company. In January 2004, this
litigation resulted in a jury verdict against the Company of $382,148. In
connection with the litigation and the resulting jury verdict, the Company filed
post-trial motions with the trial court in which, among other things, it claimed
that the jury verdict should be set aside. On July 23, 2004, the trial judge
granted the Company's motions, set aside the jury verdict, and ordered entry of
a judgment in favor of the Company. The plaintiff has appealed the trial judge's
ruling to the South Carolina Court of Appeals. If the Company becomes obligated
to pay more than an insignificant amount of damages in connection with this
litigation, it will be forced to consider alternatives for winding down its
business, which may include offering its patents for sale or filing for
bankruptcy protection.

     In order to fund its operations, the Company may need to raise additional
funds through the issuance of additional equity securities, in which case the
percentage ownership of the stockholders of the Company will be reduced,
stockholders may experience additional dilution, or such equity securities may
have rights, preferences or privileges senior to common stock. There can be no
assurance that additional financing will be available on terms acceptable to the
Company or at all. If adequate funds are not available or not available on
acceptable terms, the Company may be unable to continue operations.

     Dependence on Patent Licensing Program

     Due to capital constraints, the Company has suspended efforts to deploy its
loan processing products and services. The Company's business activities
currently consist exclusively of attempting to license certain of its patents.
The Company's prospects are dependent on its ability to finance and execute a
sustainable patent licensing program. Even though the Company believes there are
companies that may be using systems, processes and methods covered by the
Company's patents, it is not known whether the Company will be able to enter
into any new licensing agreements. Moreover, the Company may not have the
resources to sustain its patent licensing program, enforce its patent rights,
finance any related litigation, or successfully negotiate patent licenses on
terms that will generate meaningful future revenues.

     The Company is further subject to the risk that negotiations to license its
patents may be lengthy and that it may be necessary for the Company to become
involved in litigation to assert and protect its intellectual property rights.
To date, the Company generally has been unable to enter into licensing
agreements with alleged licensees upon terms that are acceptable to the Company.
As a result, the Company has been forced to become involved in litigation with
alleged infringers. Currently, the Company is involved in three patent
litigation actions. The Company believes that these lawsuits may take an
extended period of time to complete. Moreover, at the request of two of the
alleged infringers (Federated and Ameritrade), the PTO has determined to
reexamine the Company's patent covering the fully automated establishment of a
financial account (U.S. Patent No. 6,105,007). It is likely that it will take an
extended period of time to complete the reexamination proceedings and the
related litigation with Federated and Ameritrade. No assurance can be given that
the Company will have the resources necessary to complete these lawsuits or that
it will be successful in obtaining a favorable outcome. Prolonged patent
litigation or reexaminations conducted by the PTO could have a material adverse
effect on the Company's business, operating results and financial position.

                                       8
<PAGE>


     Challenges to Patents

     Both of the Company's patents covering fully-automated loan processing
systems have been subject to reexamination by the PTO due to requests by third
parties who have challenged the validity of the patents. On January 28, 2003,
the Company received a Reexamination Certificate relating to the completion of
the PTO's reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 5,870,721. On March 30, 2005, the
Company received a Notice of Intent to Issue Ex Parte Reexamination Certificate
from the PTO indicating that the reexamination of its other loan processing
patent (U. S. Patent No. 5,940,811) had been closed. The Company expects to
receive its Reexamination Certificate for this patent in due course.

     On March 26, 2004, the Company was notified by Federated and Ameritrade
that they had jointly filed a request with the PTO to reexamine U. S. Patent No.
6,105,007. On June 23, 2004, the Company received notification that the PTO had
granted the request for reexamination. The Company has lawsuits pending against
Federated and Ameritrade in the Columbia Division of the United States District
Court for the State of South Carolina in which it claims that both Federated and
Ameritrade infringe U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007. The Company has jointly, with
Federated and Ameritrade, requested the Court to stay the lawsuits against
Federated and Ameritrade pending resolution of the reexamination of U. S. Patent
No. 6,105,007. It is likely that it will take an extended period of time to
complete the reexamination proceedings and the related litigation with Federated
and Ameritrade. Moreover, the PTO's grant of Federated's and Ameritrade's
request for reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007 will likely have a
material adverse effect on the Company's patent licensing program and its
ability to attract additional capital resources in order to continue its
operations.

     In November 2003, Household International, Inc. ("Household") filed a
declaratory judgment action against the Company in United States District Court
in Wilmington, Delaware (the "Delaware Federal Court"). In its complaint
Household requested the Delaware Federal Court to rule that Household was not
infringing any of the claims of the Company's patents (U.S. Patent No. 5,870,721
C1, No. 5,940,811, and No. 6,105,007) and that the patents were not valid. The
Company filed counterclaims against Household claiming that Household infringes
U. S. Patent Nos. 5,870,721 C1, 5,940,811 and 6,105,007. The Company also filed
a motion with the Delaware Federal Court to transfer the case to the Columbia
Federal Court. In April 2004, the Delaware Federal Court granted the Company's
motion to transfer the case to Columbia Federal Court. As discussed previously,
the PTO has granted the reexamination request filed by Federated and Ameritrade
relating to U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007. The Company has had discussions with
Household to jointly file a request with the Columbia Federal Court to stay the
Household action pending the resolution of the PTO's reexamination. The Company
believes that it is likely that the lawsuit will be stayed pending the
resolution of the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007.

     It is possible that third parties may bring additional actions to contest
all or some of the Company's patents. The Company may lose all or some of the
claims covered by its existing patents as a result of existing or future
challenges. The loss of all or some of its claims or a significant limitation of
such claims could have a material adverse effect on the Company's ability to
execute a successful patent licensing program. Moreover, if other parties
request reexaminations of or otherwise challenge the Company's patents in the
future, the Company is subject to the risk that such proceeding may not be
resolved to the Company's satisfaction on a timely basis, if at all. Any such
proceeding may have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,
operating results and financial position. Moreover, in the event a challenge to
the Company's patents results in a significant loss of all or some of its
claims, the Company's only remedy may be to contest the decision, which would
likely be a lengthy process. Due to the Company's limited capital resources, it
is unlikely that the Company could successfully contest the decision without
additional cash resources. Accordingly, a decision by the PTO to limit all or
some of the Company's patent claims could have a material adverse effect on the
Company's business, operating results and financial position.

                                       9
<PAGE>


     Dependence on E-Commerce Technologies

     The Company's patents are specific to the e-commerce businesses of the
financial services industry and generally cover the automated establishment of
loans, financial accounts and credit accounts using specific e-commerce related
systems, processes and methods. The market for products and services that enable
e-commerce is subject to change and technological development, shifting consumer
preferences, new product introductions and competition from traditional products
and services having all or some of the same features as products and services
which enable e-commerce. It is possible that new products or technologies may be
developed that may render obsolete the systems, processes and methods over which
the Company believes it has intellectual property rights. Moreover, the delivery
of products and services through e-commerce channels is not fully developed, and
competition from traditional channels to deliver these same products and
services is intense. Any wide-scale rejection of e-commerce channels by
consumers will have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,
operating results and financial position.

     Dependence on Third Parties

     Patent licensing is a highly technical and specialized business which
requires the Company to rely on the services of third parties. In May 2003, the
Company appointed Withrow & Terranova, PLLC as its exclusive patent licensing
agent. Under the terms of the agreement, Withrow & Terranova, PLLC has agreed,
among other things, to perform market research, initiate the sales of patent
license agreements, negotiate patent licensing arrangements with third parties,
and represent the Company as legal counsel in connection with the enforcement of
its patents. Accordingly, the Company is dependent on Withrow & Terranova, PLLC
to successfully execute its patent licensing program. Additionally, the
agreement requires Withrow & Terranova, PLLC to coordinate the engagement of
experts, on terms satisfactory to the Company, if litigation becomes necessary
to enforce the Company's patent rights. The success of the Company's patent
licensing program and enforcement of its patents may depend on the satisfactory
retention and efforts of experts. Moreover, experts frequently request and
charge significant fees.

     Potential for Fluctuation in Quarterly Results

     Since its inception, the Company's quarterly results have fluctuated and
have not been susceptible to meaningful period-to-period comparisons. The
Company believes that it may continue to experience significant fluctuations in
its quarterly operating results in the foreseeable future. The Company
anticipates that its period-to-period revenue and operating results will depend
on numerous factors including the ability of the Company to successfully
negotiate and enter into patent licensing agreements and the timing, terms and
the pricing attributes of any such agreements.

     The Company believes that period-to-period comparisons of its operating
results are not meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of
future performance. The uncertainty regarding the extent and timing of revenues
coupled with the risk of substantial fluctuations in its quarterly operating
results may have a material adverse effect on the price of the Company's Common
Stock in the future.

     Dependence on Key Employees

     The Company is highly dependent on the services of its Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer, Joseph A. Boyle. The Company does not have an
employment agreement with Mr. Boyle or "key man" insurance on his life. The
complete loss of the services of Mr. Boyle could have a material adverse effect
upon the Company's business, operating results and financial condition. In
addition, the Company's financial condition would likely adversely affect the
Company's ability to retain or recruit employees and executives.

                                       10
<PAGE>


     Risk of Substantial Dilution

     The Company has issued convertible notes that are convertible into common
stock at $0.20 per share, which could be substantially less than the market
price of the common stock at the time of conversion. The issuance of stock at a
price that is less than the market price could have an immediate adverse effect
on the market price of the Company's common stock. In addition, the Company has
issued options and warrants to acquire shares of its common stock, and the
Company may issue additional warrants in connection with financing arrangements
and may grant additional stock options under its stock option plan that may
further dilute the Company's common stock. The exercise of such warrants and
options would have a dilutive effect on the Company's common stock. Also, to the
extent that persons who acquire shares under all the foregoing agreements sell
those shares in the market, the price of the Company's shares may decrease due
to additional shares in the market.

     Volatility of Stock Price and Risk of Litigation

     The Company's common stock price has been volatile and has experienced
substantial and sudden fluctuations in response to a number of events and
factors. In addition, the stock market has experienced significant price and
volume fluctuations that have especially affected the market prices of equity
securities of many companies directly and indirectly involved in the high
technology industry, and that often have been unrelated to the operating
performance of such companies. These broad market fluctuations have adversely
affected and may continue to adversely affect the market price of the Company's
common stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price
of a company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been
instituted against such a company. Such litigation could result in substantial
costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources, which would have
a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results and
financial condition.

     Anti-Takeover Provisions

     Certain provisions of Delaware law and the Company's Certificate of
Incorporation and bylaws could have the effect of making it more difficult for a
third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from attempting to
acquire, control of the Company. Such provisions could limit the price that
certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of the
Company's common stock. These provisions of Delaware law and the Company's
Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws may also have the effect of discouraging
or preventing certain types of transactions involving an actual or threatened
change of control of the Company (including unsolicited takeover attempts), even
though such a transaction may offer the Company's stockholders the opportunity
to sell their stock at a price above the prevailing market price. Certain of
these provisions allow the Company to issue preferred stock with rights senior
to those of the common stock and other rights that could adversely affect the
interests of holders of common stock without any further vote or action by the
stockholders. The issuance of preferred stock, for example, could decrease the
amount of earnings or assets available for distribution to the holders of common
stock or could adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights,
of the holders of the common stock. In certain circumstances, such issuance
could have the effect of decreasing the market price of the common stock, as
well as having the anti-takeover effects discussed above.

Item 2. Properties

     The Company's principal executive offices are located at 1053 B
Sparkleberry Lane Extension in Columbia, South Carolina. Such office space
encompasses approximately 1,200 square feet and is currently under a
month-to-month lease. The Company also leases warehouse space located in
Columbia, South Carolina, which encompasses approximately 4,000 square feet.
Such space is under a month-to-month lease. In April 2005, the Company expects
to move its principal executive offices to 8807 A Two Notch Road, Columbia,
South Carolina 29223, which it will occupy under a month-to-month lease.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

     The Company and its founder, Jeff Norris, are defendants in a lawsuit filed
by Temple Ligon on November 30, 1996 in the Court of Common Pleas for the County
of Richland in Columbia, South Carolina. Mr. Ligon claims, among other things,
that the Company and Mr. Norris breached an agreement to give him a 1% equity
interest in the Company in consideration of services Mr. Ligon claims to have
performed in 1993 and 1994 in conjunction with the formation of the Company, and
seeks monetary damages of $5,463,000. This lawsuit initially resulted in a jury
verdict against the Company of $68,000. However, Mr. Ligon subsequently
requested and was granted a new trial. In January 2004, this lawsuit resulted in
another jury verdict against the Company of $382,148. In connection with the
litigation and the resulting jury verdict, the Company filed post-trial motions
with the trial court in which, among other things, it claimed that the jury
verdict should be set aside. On July 23, 2004, the trial judge granted the
Company's motions, set aside the jury verdict, and ordered entry of a judgment
in favor of the Company. The plaintiff has appealed the trial judge's ruling to
the South Carolina Court of Appeals. If the Company becomes obligated to pay
more than an insignificant amount of damages in connection with this litigation,
it will be forced to consider alternatives for winding down its business, which
may include offering its patents for sale or filing for bankruptcy protection.

                                       11
<PAGE>


     In June 2003, the Company filed a lawsuit against Federated Department
Stores, Inc., and certain of its subsidiaries alleging that Federated has
infringed one of the Company's patents (U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007). In
September 2003, the Company filed a similar lawsuit against Ameritrade Holding
Corporation and its subsidiary, Ameritrade, Inc., alleging infringement of the
same patent. Both lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court in
Columbia, South Carolina, and both seek unspecified damages. On March 26, 2004,
the Company was notified by Federated and Ameritrade that they had jointly filed
a request with the PTO to reexamine U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007. On June 23,
2004, the Company received notification that the PTO had granted the request for
reexamination. The Company has jointly, with Federated and Ameritrade, requested
the Court to stay the lawsuits against Federated and Ameritrade pending
resolution of the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007. It is likely that
it will take an extended period of time to complete the reexamination
proceedings and the related litigation with Federated and Ameritrade. Moreover,
the PTO's grant of Federated's and Ameritrade's request for reexamination of U.
S. Patent No. 6,105,007 will likely have a material adverse effect on the
Company's patent licensing program and its ability to attract additional capital
resources in order to continue its operations.

     In November 2003, Household International, Inc. ("Household") filed a
declaratory judgment action against the Company in United States District Court
in Wilmington, Delaware (the "Delaware Federal Court"). In its complaint
Household requested the Delaware Federal Court to rule that Household was not
infringing any of the claims of the Company's patents (U.S. Patent No. 5,870,721
C1, No. 5,940,811, and No. 6,105,007) and that the patents were not valid. The
Company filed counterclaims against Household claiming that Household infringes
U. S. Patent Nos. 5,870,721 C1, 5,940,811 and 6,105,007. The Company also filed
a motion with the Delaware Federal Court to transfer the case to the Columbia
Federal Court. In April 2004, the Delaware Federal Court granted the Company's
motion to transfer the case to Columbia Federal Court. As discussed previously,
the PTO has granted the reexamination request filed by Federated and Ameritrade
relating to U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007. The Company has had discussions with
Household to jointly file a request with the Columbia Federal Court to stay the
Household action pending the resolution of the PTO's reexamination. The Company
believes that it is likely that the lawsuit will be stayed pending the
resolution of the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

        Not applicable.

                      Executive Officers of the Registrant

Name                     Age       Position with the Company
----                     ----      -------------------------
Joseph A. Boyle           51       Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer,
                                   and Chief Financial Officer
S. Sean Douglas           36       Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
                                   Officer

Joseph A. Boyle became President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in
January 2000 and Chairman in March 2001. Mr. Boyle has also served as Chief
Financial Officer of the Company since September 1996. Mr. Boyle also held the
title of Senior Vice President from September 1996 to January 2000. Mr. Boyle
has previously served as Secretary and Treasurer of the Company. To conserve the
Company's limited financial resources, Mr. Boyle has from time to time reduced
his time commitment to and compensation received from the Company. Since January
3, 2005, Mr. Boyle has performed consulting services for a local financial
institution. From April 2003 to August 2004, Mr. Boyle also was a partner of
Elliott Davis, LLC a South Carolina public accounting firm. Prior to joining the
Company, Mr. Boyle served as Price Waterhouse, LLP's engagement partner for most
of its Kansas City, Missouri, financial services clients and was a member of the
firm's Mortgage Banking Group. Mr. Boyle was employed by Price Waterhouse, LLP
from June 1982 to August 1996.

                                       12
<PAGE>


S. Sean Douglas became Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of
the Company in March 2003. Mr. Douglas also held the title of Senior Vice
President of Finance, Operations and Administration of the Company from March
2002 to March 2003. From January 2000 to March 2002, Mr. Douglas held the title
of Vice President and Controller of the Company. From November 1995 to January
2000 Mr. Douglas was the Company's accounting manager.

Part II

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and
        Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

     (a)  Since February 12, 2001, the Company's common stock has traded on the
          OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol "AFFI." The Company's common stock
          traded on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market from March 27, 2000 to February
          12, 2001. Prior to March 27, 2000, the Company's common stock was
          traded on the Nasdaq National Market. The following table presents the
          high and low sales prices of the Company's Common Stock for the
          periods indicated during 2004 and 2003 as reported by the OTC Bulletin
          Board. As of March 10, 2005, there were 452 stockholders of record of
          the Common Stock.

                                                         Sales Price Per Share
                                                         ---------------------
                                                          High           Low
              2004                                        ----           ----
              First Quarter                               0.17           0.09
              Second Quarter                              0.12           0.06
              Third Quarter                               0.07           0.04
              Fourth Quarter                              0.09           0.04
              2003
              First Quarter                               0.27           0.09
              Second Quarter                              0.23           0.15
              Third Quarter                               0.19           0.12
              Fourth Quarter                              0.17           0.09

          The Company has never paid dividends on its capital stock. The Company
          intends to retain earnings, if any, for use in its business and does
          not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

          On October 6, 2004, AMRO International, S.A. converted $25,000
          principal amount and $4,683 of accrued interest under an 8%
          convertible note issued by the Company to AMRO into an aggregate of
          148,417 shares of the Company's common stock. Under the terms of the
          note, principal and interest converted into shares of common stock at
          $.20 per share. Such shares were issued by the Company in reliance on
          an exemption from registration set forth in Section 3(a)(9)of the
          Securities Act of 1933.

          On February 22, 2005, AMRO International, S.A. converted $25,000
          principal amount and $5,439 of accrued interest under an 8%
          convertible note issued by the Company to AMRO into an aggregate of
          152,194 shares of the Company's common stock. Under the terms of the
          note, principal and interest converted into shares of common stock at
          $.20 per share. Such shares were issued by the Company in reliance on
          an exemption from registration set forth in Section 3(a)(9)of the
          Securities Act of 1933.

     (b)  Not applicable

     (c)  Not applicable

                                       13
<PAGE>


Item 6. Selected Financial Data

     The following table presents selected financial data of the Company for the
periods indicated. The following financial data should be read in conjunction
with the information set forth under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations," the Company's Consolidated
Financial Statements and Notes thereto and other information included elsewhere
in this report.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                       2004          2003          2002          2001          2000
                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues                           $    287,298  $    517,647  $    185,960  $  1,285,944  $  1,723,075
Cost and expenses:
  Cost of revenues                       64,265         1,765        16,846        63,751       344,931
  Research and development                    -             -             -       496,441       683,600
  Impairment loss                             -             -             -       448,945     2,608,773
  Selling, general and
   administrative expenses              732,285       996,711     1,406,841     3,847,807     6,791,767
                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Total costs and expenses                796,550       998,476     1,423,687     4,856,944    10,429,071
                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating loss                         (509,252)     (480,829)   (1,237,727)   (3,571,000)   (8,705,996)
Interest income                           1,967           694         1,643        10,101        64,155
Interest expense                        (95,990)      (80,373)      (70,334)     (115,557)      (26,277)
Litigation accrual reversal             386,148             -             -             -             -
                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Loss from continuing operations        (217,127)     (560,508)   (1,306,418)   (3,676,456)   (8,668,118)
Income (loss) from operations of
 discontinued subsidiary                      -             -             -       467,188      (534,978)
Gain on disposal of subsidiary                -             -             -       891,569             -
                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Net loss                           $   (217,127) $   (560,508) $ (1,306,418) $ (2,317,699) $ (9,203,096)
                                   =====================================================================
Loss per share - basic and diluted
  Continuing operations            $      (0.01) $      (0.01) $      (0.03) $      (0.10) $      (0.29)
                                   =====================================================================
  Net loss per share               $      (0.01) $      (0.01) $      (0.03) $      (0.06) $      (0.30)
                                   =====================================================================
Shares used in computing
 net loss per share                  41,926,272    41,512,897    40,707,108    38,004,089    30,242,054
                                   =====================================================================
</TABLE>

                                       14
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
                                                                December 31,
                                       2004          2003          2002          2001           2000
                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents          $     62,756  $    578,398  $    156,780  $     27,720  $    646,198
Working capital                      (1,524,772)     (909,356)      (82,512)      117,477     2,216,854
Total assets                            121,240       618,002       234,848       927,657     5,638,453
Convertible debenture                         -             -             -       225,090(1)    951,456
Convertible notes                     1,383,149(3)  1,291,841(2)    868,427             -             -
Capital stock of subsidiary
 held by minority investor                    -             -             -             -        22,668
Stockholder's equity (deficiency)    (1,513,523)   (1,329,579)     (908,230)      343,438     2,326,314

-----------------------------------

(1)  Amounts outstanding under the convertible debenture as of December 31, 2001,
     were classified as a current liability and, accordingly are included in the
     working capital of the Company at December 31, 2001, set forth above.

(2)  $756,336 of the amount outstanding under the convertible notes as of
     December 31, 2003, was classified as a current liability and, accordingly is
     included in the working capital of the Company at December 31, 2003, set
     forth above.

(3)  All amounts outstanding under the convertible notes as of December 31, 2004,
     were classified as a current liability and, accordingly are included in the
     working capital of the Company at December 31, 2004, set forth above.

</TABLE>

                                       15
<PAGE>


Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
        of Operations

Overview

     The Company was formed in 1994 to develop and market technologies that
enable financial institutions and other businesses to provide consumer financial
services electronically with reduced or no human intervention. Due to capital
constraints, the Company has suspended efforts to deploy products and services
that use its loan processing system, DeciSys/RT, in order to focus its efforts
exclusively on attempting to license certain of its patents.

     In conjunction with its product development activities, the Company applied
for and obtained three patents. The Company has been granted two patents
covering its fully-automated loan processing systems (U. S. Patents No.
5,870,721 and 5,940,811). In August 2000, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
issued to the Company a patent covering the fully-automated establishment of a
financial account, including credit accounts (U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007). In
addition, in 1997 the Company acquired a patent that covers the automated
processing of an insurance binder through a kiosk (U. S. Patent No. 5,537,315).

     Both of the Company's patents covering fully automated loan processing
systems have been subject to reexamination by the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office (the "PTO") due to challenges to such patents by third parties. On
January 28, 2003, the Company received a Reexamination Certificate (U. S. Patent
No. 5,870,721 C1) from the PTO which formally concluded the reexamination of U.
S. Patent No. 5,870,721. On March 30, 2005, the Company received a Notice of
Intent to Issue Ex Parte Reexamination Certificate from the PTO indicating that
the reexamination of its other loan processing patent (U. S. Patent No.
5,940,811) had been closed. The Company expects to receive its Reexamination
Certificate with respect to this patent in due course.

     On March 26, 2004, the Company was notified by Federated and Ameritrade
that they had jointly filed a request with the PTO to reexamine U. S. Patent No.
6,105,007. On June 23, 2004, the Company received notification that the PTO had
granted the request for reexamination. The Company has lawsuits pending against
Federated and Ameritrade in the Columbia Division of the United States District
Court for the State of South Carolina (the "Columbia Federal Court") in which it
claims that both Federated and Ameritrade infringe U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007.
The Company has jointly, with Federated and Ameritrade, requested the Columbia
Federal Court to stay the lawsuits against Federated and Ameritrade pending
resolution of the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007. It is likely that
it will take an extended period of time to complete the reexamination
proceedings and the related litigation with Federated and Ameritrade. Moreover,
the PTO's grant of Federated's and Ameritrade's request for reexamination of U.
S. Patent No. 6,105,007 will likely have a material adverse effect on the
Company's patent licensing program and its ability to attract additional capital
resources in order to continue its operations.

     In November 2003, Household International, Inc. ("Household") filed a
declaratory judgment action against the Company in United States District Court
in Wilmington, Delaware (the "Delaware Federal Court"). In its complaint
Household requested the Delaware Federal Court to rule that Household was not
infringing any of the claims of the Company's patents (U.S. Patent No. 5,870,721
C1, No. 5,940,811, and No. 6,105,007) and that the patents were not valid. The
Company filed counterclaims against Household claiming that Household infringes
U. S. Patent Nos. 5,870,721 C1, 5,940,811 and 6,105,007. The Company also filed
a motion with the Delaware Federal Court to transfer the case to the Columbia
Federal Court. In April 2004, the Delaware Federal Court granted the Company's
motion to transfer the case to Columbia Federal Court. As discussed previously,
the PTO has granted the reexamination request filed by Federated and Ameritrade
relating to U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007. The Company has had discussions with
Household to jointly file a request with the Columbia Federal Court to stay the
Household action pending the resolution of the PTO's reexamination. The Company
believes that it is likely that the lawsuit will be stayed pending the
resolution of the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007.

     It is possible that third parties may bring additional actions to contest
all or some of the Company's patents. The Company can make no assurances that it
will not lose all or some of the claims covered by its existing patents.

     To date, the Company has generated substantial operating losses and has
been required to use a substantial amount of cash resources to fund its
operations. At December 31, 2004, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of
$62,756. As of March 31, 2005, the Company had almost completely exhausted its
remaining cash resources, and unless it secures additional capital immediately
it may have to consider alternatives for winding down its business, which may
include offering its patents for sale or filing for bankruptcy protection.
Moreover, the Company currently does not have the resources to repay the
principal and accrued interest outstanding under its convertible secured notes,
which have become due and payable in full as discussed in the following
paragraphs. If any of the holders of these notes takes action to collect the
amounts owed by the Company under these notes, the Company will be forced to
consider alternatives for winding down its business, which may include offering
its patents for sale or filing for bankruptcy protection.

                                       16
<PAGE>


     In 2002, 2003, and the first quarter of 2004, the Company issued an
aggregate of $1,280,336 principal amount of convertible secured notes to certain
investors as part of its efforts to raise additional capital. These notes bear
interest at 8%, are convertible into the Company's common stock at a conversion
rate of $.20 per share, and are secured by the Company's equity interest in
decisioning.com, Inc., which owns the Company's patent portfolio. The
outstanding notes include a note in the principal amount of $125,000 acquired on
June 3, 2002 by the Company's Chief Executive Officer and a note in the
principal amount of $100,000 acquired on November 5, 2003 by a subsidiary of The
South Financial Group, which owns approximately 12% of the Company's outstanding
capital stock. Principal and interest under these notes generally becomes
payable in full on the second anniversary of the date on which these notes were
issued. However, under the terms of the notes, the full amount of principal and
interest under all notes becomes immediately due and payable in certain events,
including bankruptcy or similar proceedings involving the Company, a default in
the payment of principal and interest under any note, or a change in control of
the Company.

     On June 2, 2004, notes with a principal amount of $756,336 became due and
payable. Additionally, on March 13, 2005 notes with a principal amount of
$200,000 became due and payable. The Company has had discussions with the
holders of these notes regarding the extension of the maturity date of these
notes. However, the Company has not been successful in reaching an agreement
with all of the holders of these notes regarding an extension of their maturity
date. Because the Company is currently in default regarding payment of principal
and interest due under certain of the notes, the full amount of principal and
interest outstanding under all notes has become due and payable. Accordingly,
the full amount of principal and accrued interest under all of these notes is
shown as a current liability of the Company as of December 31, 2004. As of
December 31, 2004, and December 31, 2003, the amount of principal and accrued
interest outstanding under all of the notes was $1,383,149 and $1,291,841,
respectively.

     To remain viable, the Company must generate working capital through the
sale of patent licenses or by raising additional capital. To date, the Company
generally has been unable to enter into licensing agreements with potential
licensees upon terms that are acceptable to the Company. As a result, the
Company has been forced to become involved in litigation with alleged
infringers. The Company believes that these lawsuits may take an extended period
of time to complete, and no assurance can be given that the Company will have
the resources necessary to complete these lawsuits or that it will be successful
in obtaining a favorable outcome. Moreover, the ongoing reexamination of U. S.
Patent No. 6,105,007 will likely take an extended period of time to complete and
adversely affect the Company's ability to enter into other licensing agreements.
Accordingly, to remain viable it is critical that the Company raise additional
capital immediately. The uncertainties of these litigation matters, the
reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007, and other factors affecting the
Company's short and long-term liquidity discussed above has impeded and will
likely continue to impede the Company's ability to raise additional capital. To
maintain the minimal resources necessary to support its current operations,
prosecute the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007, and execute a patent
licensing strategy, the Company does not believe that substantial additional
reductions in its operating expenses are feasible. No assurances can be given
that the Company will be able to raise additional capital or generate working
capital from its patent licensing business.

     The Company has been a defendant in a lawsuit brought by Temple Ligon, who
claims that the Company breached an agreement to give him a 1% equity interest
in the Company in consideration of services he claims to have performed in 1993
and 1994 in conjunction with the formation of the Company. In January 2004, this
litigation resulted in a jury verdict against the Company of $382,148. In
connection with the litigation and the resulting jury verdict, the Company filed
post-trial motions with the trial court in which, among other things, it claimed
that the jury verdict should be set aside. On July 23, 2004, the trial judge
granted the Company's motions, set aside the jury verdict, and ordered entry of
a judgment in favor of the Company. The plaintiff has appealed the trial judge's
ruling to the South Carolina Court of Appeals. If the Company becomes obligated
to pay more than an insignificant amount of damages in connection with this
litigation, it will be forced to consider alternatives for winding down its
business, which may include offering its patents for sale or filing for
bankruptcy protection.

                                       17
<PAGE>


Critical Accounting Policies

     The Company applies certain accounting policies which are critical in
understanding the Company's results of operations and the information presented
in the consolidated financial statements. The Company considers critical
accounting policies to be those that require more significant judgments and
estimates in the preparation of its financial statements and include the
valuation reserve on net deferred tax assets. The Company records a valuation
allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets to the amount that it estimates is
more likely than not to be realized. As of December 31, 2004, the Company
recorded a valuation allowance that reduced its deferred tax assets to equal its
deferred tax liability.

Results of Operations

     Revenues. The Company's revenues from continuing operations were $287,298,
$517,647 and $185,960 for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002,
respectively. The types of revenue recognized by the Company are as follows:

                                         Years ended December 31,
                               2004               2003               2002
                        -----------------  -----------------  -----------------
                                   % of               % of               % of
                          Amount   Total     Amount   Total     Amount   Total
                        ---------- ------  ---------- ------  ---------- ------
Transaction fees        $       -      -   $       -      -   $ 104,878   56.4
Patent license revenue    267,647   93.2      17,647    3.4      25,000   13.4
Other income               19,651    6.8     500,000   96.6      56,082   30.2
                        ---------- ------  ---------- ------  ---------- ------
                        $ 287,298  100.0   $ 517,647  100.0   $ 185,960  100.0
                        ========== ======  ========== ======  ========== ======

     Transaction fees. The Company recognized no transaction fee revenue in 2003
or 2004. During 2002 the Company provided transaction processing services to one
customer that used the Company's e-xpertLender system. The contract with the
customer terminated in October 2002.

     Patent license revenue. The Company recognized revenues of $267,647 from
its patent licensing activities in 2004. Of the total amount recognized,
$250,000 was related to a settlement agreement with an institution that formerly
maintained a system that permitted consumers to apply for credit cards over the
Internet and is non-recurring. Additionally, in 2004, 2003 and 2002, the Company
recognized patent licensing revenue associated with the annual fee from one
patent license agreement executed in 1999.

     Other income. In 2004, other income consisted exclusively of non-recurring
miscellaneous income items primarily associated with the sale of equipment no
longer needed in the operation of the Company's business. In 2003, other income
of $500,000 related exclusively to amounts received by the Company as a result
of the settlement of a lawsuit. In 2002 other income consisted primarily of
non-recurring miscellaneous income items and certain insignificant recurring
income items such as fees charged for the routine maintenance of products in
service.

Costs and Expenses

     Costs of Revenues. Costs of revenues from continuing operations for the
years ended December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002 were $64,265, $1,765 and $16,846,
respectively. Cost of revenues includes the direct costs associated with the
generation of specific types of revenue and the allocation of certain indirect
costs when such costs are specifically identifiable and allocable to revenue
producing activities. During the three years ended December 31, 2004, the nature
and amounts of costs, as well as gross profit margins, associated with certain
revenue producing activities varied significantly due to changes in the nature
of the Company's operations.

                                       18
<PAGE>


     Costs of revenues and the percentage of the costs of revenues to total
costs of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002 are as
follows:

                                         Year ended December 31,

                               2004               2003               2002
                        -----------------  -----------------  -----------------
                                   % of               % of               % of
                          Amount   Total     Amount   Total     Amount   Total
                        ---------- ------  ---------- ------  ---------- ------
Transaction fees        $       -      -   $       -      -   $  14,346   85.2
Patent license revenue     64,265  100.0       1,765  100.0       2,500   14.8
                        ---------- ------  ---------- ------  ---------- ------
                        $  64,265  100.0   $   1,765  100.0   $  16,846  100.0
                        ========== ======  ========== ======  ========== ======

     Costs of transaction fees. The Company had no transaction fee revenue or
related costs in 2004 and 2003. In 2002 the cost of transaction fees consisted
primarily of the direct costs incurred by the Company to process loan
applications through its systems. Such direct costs were associated with
services provided by third parties and included the cost of credit reports,
fraud reports and communications networks used by the Company. During 2002 the
Company provided transaction processing services to one customer that used the
Company's e-xpertLender system. The contract with the customer terminated in
October 2002.

     Costs of patent license revenue. Costs of patent license revenue recognized
in 2004, 2003, and 2002 consist of the patent licensing agent's commissions.

     General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative ("G&A")
expenses related to continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2004,
were $732,285, compared to $996,711 and $1,406,841 for the years ended December
31, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

     G&A expenses during 2004 consisted primarily of personnel expense of
approximately $272,000; professional fees of approximately $321,000;
depreciation and amortization expense of approximately $8,000; rent expense of
approximately $41,000; and insurance and taxes of approximately $61,000.

     G&A expenses during 2003 consisted primarily of personnel expense of
approximately $266,000; professional fees of approximately $269,000;
depreciation and amortization expense of approximately $15,000; rent expense of
approximately $54,000; insurance and taxes of approximately $72,000; and
litigation accruals of approximately $318,000.

     G&A expenses during 2002 consisted primarily of personnel expense of
approximately $434,000; professional fees of approximately $303,000;
depreciation and amortization expense of approximately $138,000; rent expense of
approximately $101,000; and insurance and taxes of approximately $159,000.

     The decrease in G&A in 2004 compared to 2003 and 2003 compared to 2002 is
due the continued reduction of the Company's workforce over the past three years
and curtailment of other expenses. G&A expenses were lower in all material
categories in 2004 compared to 2003, except for personnel expense and
professional fees. The approximately $6,000 increase in personnel expense in
2004 compared to 2003 was attributable to the full-time employment of the
Company's President and CEO for four months in 2004 compared to three months in
2003. The approximately $52,000 increase in professional fees in 2004 compared
to 2003 was primarily attributable to legal expenses incurred with relation to
the Temple Ligon trial. G&A expenses were lower in all material categories in
2003 compared to 2002, except for litigation accruals associated with the Temple
Ligon trial.

Interest Income

     Interest income associated with operations was $1,967, $694 and $1,643
during 2004, 2003, and 2002, respectively, and primarily reflects interest
income attributable to cash balances. The increase in interest income in 2004
compared to 2003 and the decrease in interest income in 2003 compared to 2002 is
primarily attributed to the increase and decrease, respectively, in average cash
balances maintained during the year.

                                       19
<PAGE>


Interest Expense

     Interest expense associated with continuing operations was $95,990, $80,373
and $70,334 in 2004, 2003, and 2002, respectively. Interest expense is primarily
associated with the interest on a $1 million convertible debenture issued in
November 2000 that was satisfied on June 3, 2002, and the interest on $1,280,336
aggregate principal amount of convertible notes issued in installments in June
2002 ($830,336), March 2003 ($200,000), August 2003 ($25,000), November 2003
($150,000), December 2003 ($50,000), and January 2004 ($25,000). The increase in
interest expense in 2004 compared to 2003 and 2003 compared to 2002 is
attributable to the interest on the convertible notes issued in 2003 and 2004 in
the aggregate principal amount of $425,000 and $25,000, respectively.

Litigation Accrual Reversal

     The Company has been a defendant in a lawsuit which resulted in a jury
verdict against the Company in January 2004. The Company had recorded a reserve
for the estimated loss in this litigation of $386,148 as a result of the jury
verdict. In July 2004 the trial judge ruled on post-trial motions submitted by
the Company and set aside the jury verdict, and accordingly, in the third
quarter of 2004, the Company reversed the $386,148 accural and recognized a like
amount as other income.

Income Taxes

     The Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the full amount of its
net deferred income tax assets as of December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002, based on
management's evaluation of the recognition criteria as set forth in Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     The Company has generated net losses of $68,678,032 since its inception and
has financed its operations primarily through net proceeds from its initial
public offering in May 1996 and cash generated from operations and other
financing transactions. Net proceeds from the Company's initial public offering
were $60,088,516.

     To date, the Company has generated substantial operating losses and has
been required to use a substantial amount of cash resources to fund its
operations. At December 31, 2004, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of
$62,756. As of March 31, 2005, the Company had almost completely exhausted its
remaining cash resources, and unless it secures additional capital immediately
it may have to consider alternatives for winding down its business, which may
include offering its patents for sale or filing for bankruptcy protection.
Moreover, the Company currently does not have the resources to repay the
principal and accrued interest outstanding under its convertible secured notes,
which have become due and payable in full as discussed in the following
paragraphs. If any of the holders of these notes takes action to collect the
amounts owed by the Company under these notes, the Company will be forced to
consider alternatives for winding down its business, which may include offering
its patents for sale or filing for bankruptcy protection.

     In 2002, 2003, and the first quarter of 2004, the Company issued an
aggregate of $1,280,336 principal amount of convertible secured notes to certain
investors as part of its efforts to raise additional capital. These notes bear
interest at 8%, are convertible into the Company's common stock at a conversion
rate of $.20 per share, and are secured by the Company's equity interest in
decisioning.com, Inc., which owns the Company's patent portfolio. The
outstanding notes include a note in the principal amount of $125,000 acquired on
June 3, 2002 by the Company's Chief Executive Officer and a note in the
principal amount of $100,000 acquired on November 5, 2003 by a subsidiary of The
South Financial Group, which owns approximately 12% of the Company's outstanding
capital stock. Principal and interest under these notes generally becomes
payable in full on the second anniversary of the date on which these notes were
issued. However, under the terms of the notes, the full amount of principal and
interest under all notes becomes immediately due and payable in certain events,
including bankruptcy or similar proceedings involving the Company, a default in
the payment of principal and interest under any note, or a change in control of
the Company.

                                       20
<PAGE>


     On June 2, 2004, notes with a principal amount of $756,336 became due and
payable. Additionally, on March 13, 2005 notes with a principal amount of
$200,000 became due and payable. The Company previously initiated discussions
with the holders of these notes regarding the extension of the maturity date of
these notes. However, the Company has not been successful in reaching an
agreement with all of the holders of these notes regarding an extension of their
maturity date. Because the Company is currently in default regarding payment of
principal and interest due under certain of the notes, the full amount of
principal and interest outstanding under all notes has become due and payable.
Accordingly, the full amount of principal and accrued interest under all of
these notes is shown as a current liability of the Company as of December 31,
2004. As of December 31, 2004, and December 31, 2003, the amount of principal
and accrued interest outstanding under all of the notes was $1,383,149 and
$1,291,841, respectively.

     To remain viable, the Company must generate working capital through the
sale of patent licenses or by raising additional capital. To date, the Company
generally has been unable to enter into licensing agreements with potential
licensees upon terms that are acceptable to the Company. As a result, the
Company has been forced to become involved in litigation with alleged
infringers. The Company believes that these lawsuits may take an extended period
of time to complete, and no assurance can be given that the Company will have
the resources necessary to complete these lawsuits or that it will be successful
in obtaining a favorable outcome. Moreover, the ongoing reexamination of U. S.
Patent No. 6,105,007 will likely take an extended period of time to complete and
adversely affect the Company's ability to enter into other licensing agreements.
Accordingly, to remain viable it is critical that the Company raise additional
capital immediately. The uncertainties of these litigation matters, the
reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007, and other factors affecting the
Company's short and long-term liquidity discussed above has impeded and will
likely continue to impede the Company's ability to raise additional capital. To
maintain the minimal resources necessary to support its current operations,
prosecute the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007, and execute a patent
licensing strategy, the Company does not believe that substantial additional
reductions in its operating expenses are feasible. No assurances can be given
that the Company will be able to raise additional capital or generate working
capital from its patent licensing business.

     The Company has been a defendant in a lawsuit brought by Temple Ligon, who
claims that the Company breached an agreement to give him a 1% equity interest
in the Company in consideration of services he claims to have performed in 1993
and 1994 in conjunction with the formation of the Company. In January 2004, this
litigation resulted in a jury verdict against the Company of $382,148. In
connection with the litigation and the resulting jury verdict, the Company filed
post-trial motions with the trial court in which, among other things, it claimed
that the jury verdict should be set aside. On July 23, 2004, the trial judge
granted the Company's motions, set aside the jury verdict, and ordered entry of
a judgment in favor of the Company. The plaintiff has appealed the trial judge's
ruling to the South Carolina Court of Appeals. If the Company becomes obligated
to pay more than an insignificant amount of damages in connection with this
litigation, it will be forced to consider alternatives for winding down its
business, which may include offering its patents for sale or filing for
bankruptcy protection.

     Net cash used during the year ended December 31, 2004, to fund operations
was approximately $558,000, compared to approximately $44,000 and $457,000 for
2003 and 2002, respectively. In 2003, the Company received $500,000 in
conjunction with the settlement of a lawsuit which significantly reduced cash
used to fund its operations. At December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002, cash and
liquid investments were $62,756, $578,398 and $156,780, respectively, and
working capital was ($1,524,772), ($909,356) and ($82,512), respectively. For
purposes of determining working capital at December 31, 2004 and 2003,
$1,383,149 and $851,514, respectively, of principal and accrued interest under
the Company's convertible notes are included as current liabilities.

                                       21
<PAGE>


Contractual Obligations

     The following table sets forth the Company's long-term debt and other
obligations at December 31, 2004.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                            <C>          <C>               <C>         <C>         <C>
                                                             Payment Due By Period
                                            -----------------------------------------------------
                                                                                       More than
                                   Total    Less than 1 year   1-3 years   3-5 years    5 years
                                -----------------------------------------------------------------
Long-Term Debt Obligations (1)  $ 1,383,149   $ 1,383,149      $       -   $       -   $       -
Operating Lease Obligations           5,353         5,353              -           -           -
Purchase Obligations                  4,260         4,260              -           -           -
                                -----------------------------------------------------------------
Total                           $ 1,392,762   $ 1,392,762     $        -   $       -   $       -
                                =================================================================

(1)  Long-term debt obligations consist of the Company's convertible notes,
     including accrued interest, which have become immediately due and payable.
</TABLE>

Item 7(a). Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Not applicable.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data

     The report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and
consolidated financial statements are set forth below (see item 15(a) for list
of financial statements and financial statement schedules):

                                       22
<PAGE>


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Board of Directors and Shareholders
Affinity Technology Group, Inc.
Columbia, South Carolina

     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Affinity
Technology Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company"), as of
December 31, 2004 and 2003, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, changes in stockholders' equity (deficiency), and cash flows for
each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2004. The
Company's audit also included the financial statement schedule listed in the
Index at Item 15(a)(2). These financial statements and schedule are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.

     We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such
opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
the Company as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, and the consolidated results of
its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period
ended December 31, 2004, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the related
financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all
material respects the information set forth therein.

     The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the
Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the
financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring operating losses, has
an accumulated deficit, and has certain convertible notes in default. These
matters raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as
a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also
discussed in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


                                                     /s/ SCOTT McELVEEN L.L.P.


Columbia, South Carolina
March 18, 2005

                                       23
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                         <C>             <C>
                Affinity Technology Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                           Consolidated Balance Sheets

                                                                     December 31,
                                                                2004            2003
                                                            -----------------------------
Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                 $     62,756    $    578,398
  Prepaid expenses                                                47,235          20,121
                                                            -----------------------------
Total current assets                                             109,991         598,519
Property and equipment, net                                       11,249          18,336
Other assets                                                           -           1,147
                                                            -----------------------------
Total assets                                                $    121,240    $    618,002
                                                            =============================


Liabilities and stockholders' deficiency
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                          $     21,502    $     76,056
  Accrued expenses                                               277,329         565,136
  Accrued compensation and related benefits                      139,890          92,700
  Convertible notes                                            1,181,336         756,336
  Current portion of deferred revenue                             14,706          17,647
                                                            -----------------------------
Total current liabilities                                      1,634,763       1,507,875
Convertible notes                                                      -         425,000
Deferred revenue                                                       -          14,706

Commitments and contingent liabilities
Stockholders' deficiency:
  Common stock, par value $0.0001; authorized 60,000,000
   shares, issued 44,230,910 shares in 2004 and 44,032,493
   shares in 2003                                                  4,423           4,403
  Additional paid-in capital                                  70,665,373      70,632,210
  Treasury stock, at cost (2,168,008 shares at
   December 31, 2004 and 2003)                                (3,505,287)     (3,505,287)
  Accumulated deficit                                        (68,678,032)    (68,460,905)
                                                            -----------------------------
Total stockholders' deficiency                                (1,513,523)     (1,329,579)
                                                            -----------------------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' deficiency              $    121,240    $    618,002
                                                            =============================

See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>

                                       24
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                           <C>            <C>            <C>
                Affinity Technology Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                      Consolidated Statements of Operations

                                                       Years ended December 31,
                                                  2004           2003            2002
                                              -------------------------------------------
Revenues:
  Transactions                                $          -   $          -        104,878
  Patent license revenue                           267,647         17,647         25,000
  Other income                                      19,651        500,000         56,082
                                              -------------------------------------------
                                                   287,298        517,647        185,960
                                              -------------------------------------------
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of revenues                                  64,265          1,765         16,846
  General and administrative expenses              732,285        996,711      1,406,841
                                              -------------------------------------------
                                                   796,550        998,476      1,423,687
                                              -------------------------------------------

Operating loss                                    (509,252)      (480,829)    (1,237,727)
Other income (expenses):
  Interest income                                    1,967            694          1,643
  Interest expense                                 (95,990)       (80,373)       (70,334)
  Litigation accrual reversal                      386,148              -              -
                                              -------------------------------------------
Net loss                                      $   (217,127)  $   (560,508)  $ (1,306,418)
                                              ===========================================
Net loss per share - basic and diluted        $      (0.01)  $      (0.01)  $      (0.03)
                                              ===========================================
Shares used in computing net loss per share     41,926,272     41,512,897     40,707,108
                                              ===========================================

See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>

                                       25
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                            <C>          <C>      <C>           <C>       <C>           <C>            <C>
                Affinity Technology Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

          Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency)

                                   Common Stock
                               ---------------------
                                                                                                              Total
                                                       Additional   Common                                Stockholders'
                                                        Paid-in      Stock     Treasury     Accumulated      Equity
                                  Shares     Amount     Capital    Warrants      Stock         Deficit    (Deficiency)
                               ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Balance at December 31, 2001    42,399,363  $ 4,240  $ 70,386,464  $ 52,000  $ (3,505,287) $ (66,593,979) $    343,438
Issuance of common stock
 as executive compensaton          500,000       50        44,950         -             -              -        45,000
Issuance of common stock
 as finder's fees                  150,000       15         9,735         -             -              -         9,750
Net loss                                 -        -             -         -             -     (1,306,418)   (1,306,418)
                               ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2002    43,049,363    4,305    70,441,149    52,000    (3,505,287)   (67,900,397)     (908,230)
Expiration of warrants                   -        -        52,000   (52,000)            -              -             -
Note payable conversion to
 common stock                      409,796       41        81,918         -             -              -        81,959
Issuance of common stock as
 board service compensation        283,334       28        25,472         -             -              -        25,500
Issuance of common stock
 for consulting services           250,000       25        22,475         -             -              -        22,500
Issuance of common stock
 as finder's fees                   40,000        4         9,196         -             -              -         9,200
Net loss                                 -        -             -         -             -       (560,508)     (560,508)
                               ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2003    44,032,493    4,403    70,632,210         -    (3,505,287)   (68,460,905)   (1,329,579)
Note payable conversion to
 common stock                      148,417       15        29,668         -             -              -        29,683
Issuance of common stock
 as finder's fees                   50,000        5         3,495         -             -              -         3,500
Net loss                                 -        -             -         -             -       (217,127)     (217,127)
                               ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2004    44,230,910  $ 4,423  $ 70,665,373  $      -  $ (3,505,287) $ (68,678,032) $ (1,513,523)
                               ========================================================================================

See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>

                                       26
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>           <C>
                Affinity Technology Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

                                                                Years ended December 31,
                                                           2004          2003           2002
                                                        -----------------------------------------
Operating activities
Net loss                                                $ (217,127)   $ (560,508)   $ (1,306,418)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in
 operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization                              8,181        14,859         137,557
  Impairment loss                                            1,147             -               -
  Writedown of software development costs                        -             -             656
  Provision for doubtful accounts                                -             -           7,519
  Inventory valuation allowance                                  -             -         100,379
  Deferred revenue                                         (17,647)      (17,647)         50,000
  Litigation accrual reversal                             (386,148)            -               -
  Other                                                    (14,497)       12,311         127,830
  Changes in current assets and liabilities:
    Accounts receivable                                          -         5,666         445,921
    Other assets                                           (27,114)       22,663          71,707
    Accounts payable                                       (54,554)       55,315        (119,017)
    Accrued expenses                                       103,024       378,463          72,867
    Accrued compensation and related benefits               47,190        45,331         (45,730)
                                                        -----------------------------------------
Net cash used in operating activities                     (557,545)      (43,547)       (456,729)
                                                        -----------------------------------------
Investing activities
Purchases of property and equipment                         (1,697)       (4,724)         (9,284)
Proceeds from sale of property and equipment                18,600        44,889           8,810
                                                        -----------------------------------------
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities         16,903        40,165            (474)
                                                        -----------------------------------------
Financing activities
Proceeds from convertible notes                             25,000       425,000         625,000
Payments on notes payable to third parties                       -             -         (38,737)
                                                        -----------------------------------------
Net cash provided by financing activities                   25,000       425,000         586,263
                                                        -----------------------------------------
Net (decrease) increase in cash                           (515,642)      421,618         129,060
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year             578,398       156,780          27,720
                                                        -----------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                $   62,756    $  578,398    $    156,780
                                                        =========================================

Supplemental cash flow information:
  Income taxes paid                                     $        -    $        -    $          -
                                                        =========================================
  Interest paid                                         $        -    $        -    $     14,630
                                                        =========================================

See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>

                                       27
<PAGE>


                Affinity Technology Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


1.   The Company - Going Concern

     The Company was formed to develop and market technologies that enable
financial institutions and other businesses to provide consumer financial
services electronically with reduced or no human intervention. Products and
services previously offered by the Company include its DeciSys/RT(R) loan
processing system, which automated the processing and consummation of consumer
financial services transactions; the Affinity Automated Loan Machine (the ALM),
which allowed an applicant to apply for and, if approved, obtain a loan in as
little as ten minutes; the Mortgage ALM, which allowed an applicant to apply for
a mortgage loan; e-xpertLender(R), which permitted a financial institution to
make automated lending decisions through its call centers and branches; iDEAL,
which permitted automobile lenders to make automobile lending decisions for loan
applications originated at automobile dealers; and rtDS, which permitted lenders
to deliver credit decisions to applicants over the Internet. Due to capital
constraints, the Company has suspended all efforts to further develop, market
and operate these products and services. The Company's last processing contract
terminated in late 2002, and the Company has no plans to engage in further sales
or other activities related to its products or services, other than to attempt
to license certain of the patents that it owns. Currently, the Company's
business activities consist exclusively of attempting to enter into license
agreements with third parties to license the Company's rights under certain of
its patents.

     In conjunction with its product development activities, the Company applied
for and obtained three patents. The Company has been granted two patents
covering its fully-automated loan processing systems (U. S. Patents No.
5,870,721 and 5,940,811). In August 2000, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
issued to the Company a patent covering the fully-automated establishment of a
financial account, including credit accounts (U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007). In
addition, in 1997 the Company acquired a patent that covers the automated
processing of an insurance binder through a kiosk (U. S. Patent No. 5,537,315).

     Both of the Company's patents covering fully automated loan processing
systems have been subject to reexamination by the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office (the "PTO") due to challenges to such patents by third parties. On
January 28, 2003, the Company received a Reexamination Certificate (U. S. Patent
No. 5,870,721 C1) from the PTO which formally concluded the reexamination of U.
S. Patent No. 5,870,721. On March 30, 2005, the Company received a Notice of
Intent to Issue Ex Parte Reexamination Certificate from the PTO indicating that
the reexamination of its other loan processing patent (U. S. Patent No.
5,940,811) had been closed. The Company expects to receive its Reexamination
Certificate for this patent in due course.

     On March 26, 2004, the Company was notified by Federated and Ameritrade
that they had jointly filed a request with the PTO to reexamine U. S. Patent No.
6,105,007. On June 23, 2004, the Company received notification that the PTO had
granted the request for reexamination. The Company has lawsuits pending against
Federated and Ameritrade in the Columbia Division of the United States District
Court for the State of South Carolina (the "Columbia Federal Court") in which it
claims that both Federated and Ameritrade infringe U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007.
The Company has jointly, with Federated and Ameritrade, requested the Columbia
Federal Court to stay the lawsuits against Federated and Ameritrade pending
resolution of the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007. It is likely that
it will take an extended period of time to complete the reexamination
proceedings and the related litigation with Federated and Ameritrade. Moreover,
the PTO's grant of Federated's and Ameritrade's request for reexamination of U.
S. Patent No. 6,105,007 will likely have a material adverse effect on the
Company's patent licensing program and its ability to attract additional capital
resources in order to continue its operations.

     In November 2003, Household International, Inc. ("Household") filed a
declaratory judgment action against the Company in United States District Court
in Wilmington, Delaware (the "Delaware Federal Court"). In its complaint
Household requested the Delaware Federal Court to rule that Household was not
infringing any of the claims of the Company's patents (U.S. Patent No. 5,870,721
C1, No. 5,940,811, and No. 6,105,007) and that the patents were not valid. The
Company filed counterclaims against Household claiming that Household infringes
U. S. Patent Nos. 5,870,721 C1, 5,940,811 and 6,105,007. The Company also filed
a motion with the Delaware Federal Court to transfer the case to the Columbia
Federal Court. In April 2004, the Delaware Federal Court granted the Company's
motion to transfer the case to Columbia Federal Court. As discussed previously,
the PTO has granted the reexamination request filed by Federated and Ameritrade
relating to U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007. The Company has had discussions with
Household to jointly file a request with the Columbia Federal Court to stay the
Household action pending the resolution of the PTO's reexamination. The Company
believes that it is likely that the lawsuit will be stayed pending the
resolution of the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007.

                                       28
<PAGE>


     It is possible that third parties may bring additional actions to contest
all or some of the Company's patents. The Company can make no assurances that it
will not lose all or some of the claims covered by its existing patents.

     To date, the Company has generated substantial operating losses and has
been required to use a substantial amount of cash resources to fund its
operations. At December 31, 2004, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of
$62,756. The Company has almost completely exhausted its remaining cash
resources, and unless it secures additional capital immediately it may have to
consider alternatives for winding down its business, which may include offering
its patents for sale or filing for bankruptcy protection. Moreover, the Company
currently does not have the resources to repay the principal and accrued
interest outstanding under its convertible secured notes, which have become due
and payable in full as discussed in the following paragraphs. If any of the
holders of these notes takes action to collect the amounts owed by the Company
under these notes, the Company will be forced to consider alternatives for
winding down its business, which may include offering its patents for sale or
filing for bankruptcy protection.

     In 2002, 2003, and the first quarter of 2004, the Company issued an
aggregate of $1,280,336 principal amount of convertible secured notes to certain
investors as part of its efforts to raise additional capital. These notes bear
interest at 8%, are convertible into the Company's common stock at a conversion
rate of $.20 per share, and are secured by the Company's equity interest in
decisioning.com, Inc., which owns the Company's patent portfolio. The
outstanding notes include a note in the principal amount of $125,000 acquired on
June 3, 2002 by the Company's Chief Executive Officer and a note in the
principal amount of $100,000 acquired on November 5, 2003 by a subsidiary of The
South Financial Group, which owns approximately 12% of the Company's outstanding
capital stock. Principal and interest under these notes generally becomes
payable in full on the second anniversary of the date on which these notes were
issued. However, under the terms of the notes, the full amount of principal and
interest under all notes becomes immediately due and payable in certain events,
including bankruptcy or similar proceedings involving the Company, a default in
the payment of principal and interest under any note, or a change in control of
the Company.

     On June 2, 2004, notes with a principal amount of $756,336 became due and
payable. Additionally, on March 13, 2005 notes with a principal amount of
$200,000 became due and payable. The Company previously initiated discussions
with the holders of these notes regarding the extension of the maturity date of
these notes. However, the Company has not been successful in reaching an
agreement with all of the holders of these notes regarding an extension of their
maturity date. Because the Company is currently in default regarding payment of
principal and interest due under certain of the notes, the full amount of
principal and interest outstanding under all notes has become due and payable.
Accordingly, the full amount of principal and accrued interest under all of
these notes is shown as a current liability of the Company as of December 31,
2004. As of December 31, 2004, and December 31, 2003, the amount of principal
and accrued interest outstanding under all of the notes was $1,383,149 and
$1,291,841, respectively.

     To remain viable, the Company must generate working capital through the
sale of patent licenses or by raising additional capital. To date, the Company
generally has been unable to enter into licensing agreements with potential
licensees upon terms that are acceptable to the Company. As a result, the
Company has been forced to become involved in litigation with alleged
infringers. The Company believes that these lawsuits may take an extended period
of time to complete, and no assurance can be given that the Company will have
the resources necessary to complete these lawsuits or that it will be successful
in obtaining a favorable outcome. Moreover, the ongoing reexamination of U. S.
Patent No. 6,105,007 will likely take an extended period of time to complete and
adversely affect the Company's ability to enter into other licensing agreements.
Accordingly, to remain viable it is critical that the Company raise additional
capital immediately. The uncertainties of these litigation matters, the
reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007, and other factors affecting the
Company's short and long-term liquidity discussed above has impeded and will
likely continue to impede the Company's ability to raise additional capital. To
maintain the minimal resources necessary to support its current operations,
prosecute the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007, and execute a patent
licensing strategy, the Company does not believe that substantial additional
reductions in its operating expenses are feasible. No assurances can be given
that the Company will be able to raise additional capital or generate working
capital from its patent licensing business.

                                       29
<PAGE>


     The Company has been a defendant in a lawsuit brought by Temple Ligon, who
claims that the Company breached an agreement to give him a 1% equity interest
in the Company in consideration of services he claims to have performed in 1993
and 1994 in conjunction with the formation of the Company. In January 2004, this
litigation resulted in a jury verdict against the Company of $382,148. In
connection with the litigation and the resulting jury verdict, the Company filed
post-trial motions with the trial court in which, among other things, it claimed
that the jury verdict should be set aside. On July 23, 2004, the trial judge
granted the Company's motions, set aside the jury verdict, and ordered entry of
a judgment in favor of the Company. The plaintiff has appealed the trial judge's
ruling to the South Carolina Court of Appeals. If the Company becomes obligated
to pay more than an insignificant amount of damages in connection with this
litigation, it will be forced to consider alternatives for winding down its
business, which may include offering its patents for sale or filing for
bankruptcy protection.

     In order to fund its operations, the Company may need to raise additional
funds through the issuance of additional equity securities, in which case the
percentage ownership of the stockholders of the Company will be reduced,
stockholders may experience additional dilution, or such equity securities may
have rights, preferences or privileges senior to common stock. There can be no
assurance that additional financing will be available on terms acceptable to the
Company or at all. If adequate funds are not available or not available on
acceptable terms, the Company may be unable to continue operations. The Company
is evaluating alternatives to continue its business activities through 2005 and
beyond.

     There is substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a
going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to
reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of
assets or amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from this
uncertainty. However, management believes that any adjustments to reflect the
possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and
amounts of liabilities would not materially change the Company's financial
position.

2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation

     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Affinity
Technology Group, Inc. (the "Company" or "ATG") and its subsidiaries, Affinity
Bank Technology Corporation, Affinity Clearinghouse Corporation, Affinity Credit
Corporation, Affinity Processing Corporation ("APC"), Affinity Mortgage
Technology, Inc., decisioning.com, Inc. ("decisioning.com"), and Multi Financial
Services, Inc. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

     The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of
three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

     The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash
equivalents, accounts payable and notes payable approximate their fair values.

                                       30
<PAGE>


Property and Equipment

     Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation and amortization
are computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
the assets. Estimated useful lives range from five to ten years for office
furniture and fixtures and three to five years for all other depreciable assets.
Depreciation expense was approximately $7,000, $13,000 and $97,000 during 2004,
2003, and 2002, respectively.


Software Development Costs

     Costs incurred in the development of software, which formerly was
incorporated as part of the Company's products or sold separately, are
capitalized after a product's technological feasibility has been established.
Capitalization of such costs is discontinued when a product is available for
general release to customers. Software development costs are capitalized at the
lower of cost or net realizable value and amortized using the greater of the
revenue curve method or the straight-line method over the estimated economic
life of the related product. Amortization begins when a product is ready for
general release to customers. The net realizable value of unamortized
capitalized costs is periodically evaluated and, to the extent such costs exceed
the net realizable value, unamortized amounts are reduced to net realizable
value. In 2002, the Company recorded charges of approximately $1,000 to reduce
recorded balances of unamortized capitalized software costs to their net
realizable value.

     Amortization of capitalized software development was approximately $41,000
in 2002. The Company had no amortization of capitalized software in 2003 and
2004.

Revenue Recognition

Transaction fees - Transaction fee revenue was recognized as the related
transactions were processed. Transaction processing fees represented
approximately 56.4% of total revenue from operations during 2002.

Patent licensing - The Company recognizes revenue from patent licensing
activities pursuant to the provisions of each license agreement which specify
the periods to which the related license and corresponding revenue applies.

Deferred revenues - Deferred revenues relate to unearned revenue associated with
cash received for patent licenses. Such revenue is recognized in the period the
patent license entitles the licensee to use technology covered by the Company's
patents.

Cost of Revenues

     Cost of revenues consists of costs associated with transaction fees and
patent licensing agent's commissions. Costs associated with transaction fees
include the direct costs incurred by the Company related to transactions it
processes for its customers. Costs of transaction fees approximated $14,000 in
2002. Costs of patent license revenues consist of patent licensing agent
commissions paid or accrued by the Company and totaled $64,265, $1,765 and
$2,500 for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002, respectively.

Stock Based Compensation

     The Company accounts for stock options in accordance with APB Opinion
No.25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" ("APB 25"). Under APB 25, no
compensation expense is recognized for stock or stock options issued to
employees at fair value. For stock options granted at exercise prices below the
estimated fair value, the Company records deferred compensation expense for the
difference between the exercise price of the shares and the estimated fair
value. The deferred compensation expense is amortized ratably over the vesting
period of the individual options.

     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock
Based Compensation" ("SFAS 123") as amended by FASB Statement No. 148,
"Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation-Transition and Disclosure" ("SFAS
148"), provides an alternative to APB 25 in accounting for stock based
compensation issued to employees. SFAS 123 provides for a fair value based
method of accounting for employee stock options and similar equity instruments.
However, for companies that continue to account for stock based compensation
arrangements under APB 25, SFAS 123 requires disclosure of the pro forma effect
on net income and earnings per share as if the fair value based method
prescribed by SFAS 123 had been applied. The Company intends to continue to
account for stock based compensation arrangements under APB No. 25 and has
adopted the pro forma disclosure requirements of SFAS 123. Equity instruments
issued to consultants, directors and employees in lieu of cash payments for
services are recorded at the fair value of the equity instrument on the date the
equity instrument is granted and the related expense is recognized over the
period the services are performed. In 2004, 2003 and 2002, the Company
recognized $3,500, $57,200 and $54,750, respectively, of stock based
compensation related to the issuance of equity instruments.

                                       31
<PAGE>


     Had compensation cost for options granted under the Company's stock-based
compensation plans been determined based on the fair value at the grant dates
consistent with SFAS 123, the Company's net income and earnings per share would
have changed to the pro forma amounts listed below:

                                          2004           2003           2002
                                       -----------------------------------------
Net loss:
As reported                            $ (217,127)   $ (560,508)   $ (1,306,418)
Add: stock-based compensation expense
 included in reported net income                -             -               -
Deduct: stock-based compensation
 expense determined under the fair
 value based method for all awards        (22,887)      (47,941)       (113,180)
                                       -----------------------------------------
Pro forma net loss                     $ (240,014)   $ (608,449)   $ (1,419,598)
                                       =========================================

Net loss per common share:
  As reported:
    Basic and diluted                  $    (0.01)   $    (0.01)   $      (0.03)
                                       =========================================
  Pro forma:
    Basic and diluted                  $    (0.01)   $    (0.01)   $      (0.03)
                                       =========================================

     See Note 5 for more information regarding the Company's stock compensation
plans and the assumptions used to prepare the pro forma information presented
above.

Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock

     All net loss per share of Common Stock amounts presented have been computed
based on the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding in
accordance with SFAS 128. Stock warrants and stock options are not included in
the calculation of dilutive loss per common share because the Company has
experienced operating losses in all periods presented and, therefore, the effect
would be antidilutive.

New Accounting Standards

     In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based
Payments ("SFAS 123R"). This accounting standard, which is effective for interim
and annual periods beginning after June 15, 2005, requires the recognition of
compensation expense related to stock options under SFAS 123. The Company plans
to adopt SFAS 123R prospectively in the third quarter of 2005 with an
anticipated impact to earnings per share of less than $0.01 per share in 2005
and 2006.

     In November 2004, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 151, Inventory Costs, ("SFAS 151"), an amendment of Accounting
Research Bulletin No. 43, Chapter 4, Inventory Pricing. This accounting
standard, which is effective for annual periods beginning after June 15, 2005,
requires that abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling
costs, and wasted materials (spoilage) should be recognized as current-period
charges. The adoption of SFAS 151 is not expected to have a material effect on
the Company's financial position or results or operations.

                                       32
<PAGE>


     In December 2004, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 153, Exchanges of Nonmonetary Assets, an amendment of Accounting
Principles Board Opinion No. 29, Accounting for Nonmonetary Transactions ("APB
29"). This Statement amends APB 29 to eliminate the exception for nonmonetary
exchanges of similar productive assets and replaces it with a general exception
for exchanges of nonmonetary assets that do not have commercial substance. The
Statement specifies that a nonmonetary exchange has commercial substance if the
future cash flows of the entity are expected to change significantly as a result
of the exchange. This Statement is effective for nonmonetary asset exchanges
occurring in fiscal periods beginning after June 15, 2005. Earlier application
is permitted for nonmonetary asset exchanges occurring in fiscal periods
beginning after the date this Statement is issued. Retroactive application is
not permitted. Management believes that its adoption will not have any
significant impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations or
cash flows.

Income Taxes

     Deferred income taxes are calculated using the liability method prescribed
by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income
Taxes" ("SFAS 109").

Concentrations of Credit Risk

     The Company is not exposed to any concentration of credit risk.

Use of Estimates

     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Reclassification

     Certain amounts in 2002 and 2003 have been reclassified to conform to 2004
presentations for comparability. These reclassifications have no effect on
previously reported stockholders' equity (deficiency) or net loss.

3.   Property and Equipment

Property and equipment consists of the following:

                                                               December 31,
                                                            2004         2003
                                                          ----------------------
Data processing equipment                                 $ 32,109    $ 384,870
Office furniture and fixtures                               37,161       44,136
Automobiles and industrial equipment                        11,038       30,333
Purchased software                                           3,770        3,770
                                                          ----------------------
                                                            84,078      463,109
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization             (72,829)    (444,773)
                                                          ----------------------
                                                          $ 11,249    $  18,336
                                                          ======================

4.   Convertible Notes

     In June 2002, the Company issued convertible secured notes (the "notes") to
certain investors as part of its capital raising initiatives. The principal
amount of notes issued totaled $830,336 and included the issuance of a note in
the principal amount of $125,000 to the Company's Chief Executive Officer and
the issuance of a note in the principal amount of $205,336 to AMRO
International, S.A. ("AMRO") in satisfaction of the principal and accrued
interest outstanding under AMRO's convertible debenture previously acquired by
AMRO. The notes bear interest at 8% and principal and accrued interest were due
in June 2004. In 2003 and 2004, the Company issued additional convertible notes
in the aggregate amount of $425,000 and $25,000, respectively. Such notes also
bear interest at 8% and mature at various dates in 2005 and 2006. Included in
the aggregate $425,000 principal amount of convertible notes issued by the
Company in 2003 is a $100,000 convertible note issued to a subsidiary of The
South Financial Group, which owns approximately 12% of the Company's outstanding
common stock. All notes are collateralized by the stock of the Company's
wholly-owned subsidiary, decisioning.com. decisioning.com is the Company's
patent licensing subsidiary and owns the Company's patent portfolio. The notes
are convertible into the Company's common stock at a conversion rate of $.20 per
share. The Company may prepay the notes subject to a prepayment penalty of 8%
and 4% if the prepayment occurs within the first twelve months or thereafter,
respectively.

                                       33
<PAGE>


     In October 2003, AMRO converted $74,000 principal and $7,959 accrued
interest related to its $205,336 convertible note into 409,796 shares of the
Company's common stock. Additionally, in October 2004, AMRO converted $25,000
principal and $4,683 accrued interest related to the same convertible note into
148,417 shares of the Company's common stock.

     As more fully explained in Note 1, all the convertible notes are in default
and are classified as current liabilities. The contractual maturities of the
Company's 8% convertible notes are as follows:

                                                   December 31,
        Contractual Maturity Date              2004             2003
        ----------------------------------------------------------------
        June 2004                         $    731,336     $    756,336
        March 2005                             200,000          200,000
        August 2005                             25,000           25,000
        November 2005                          150,000          150,000
        December 2005                           50,000           50,000
        January 2006                            25,000                -
                                          -------------    -------------
                                             1,181,336        1,181,336
        Less: current portion               (1,181,336)        (756,336)
                                          -------------    -------------
        Long-term portion                 $          -     $    425,000
                                          =============    =============

5.   Stockholders' Deficiency

Preferred Stock

     Pursuant to the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of
Directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to
issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix
the designations, powers, preferences, privileges, and relative participating,
optional or special rights and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions
thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of
redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than
the rights of the common stock. At December 31, 2004 and 2003 there are no
shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding.

                                       34
<PAGE>


Stock Option Plans

     During 1995, the Company adopted the 1995 Option Plan under which incentive
stock options and nonqualified stock options may be granted to employees,
directors, consultants or independent contractors. At December 31, 2004, 7,420
options were outstanding, all of which are exercisable under the 1995 Option
Plan. At December 31, 2004, the weighted average exercise price was $0.44 and
the weighted average remaining contractual life was 1.1 years. This plan closed
during April 1996.

     In April 1996, the Company adopted the 1996 Incentive Stock Option Plan.
Under the terms of the plan, incentive options may be issued at an exercise
price not less than the estimated fair market value on the date of grant.
Generally, options granted vest ratably over a 60 month term.

     In addition, the 1996 Incentive Stock Option Plan was amended and restated
effective May 28, 1999, to increase the number of shares of common stock
available for issuance from 1,900,000 to 2,900,000 and to permit non-employee
directors to participate in the 1996 Stock Option Plan. Under the Company's
director compensation program in effect from April 1999 to March 2002,
non-employee directors received options under the 1996 Incentive Stock Option
Plan to purchase 5,000 shares of common stock of the Company on the 5th business
day after each annual shareholder meeting. In March 2002, the Company adopted a
new director compensation program as a component of the 1996 Incentive Stock
Option Plan under which all non-employee directors received a one-time grant of
options to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company's stock at the closing sales
price of the Company's common stock on the business day immediately prior to the
date of grant. Such options vest ratably over a two-year period. Under the
program, all non-employee directors on the Board were granted options to
purchase 100,000 shares on March 20, 2002. Any new non-employee directors
appointed to the Board will be granted options to purchase 100,000 shares at the
time of his or her election to the Board.

                                       35
<PAGE>


A summary of activity under the 1995 and 1996 Option Plans is as follows:

                                                     Options Outstanding
                                                -----------------------------
                                     Shares                      Weighted
                                    Available      Number      Average Price
                                    for Grant     of Shares      Per Share
                                   ------------------------------------------
1995 Stock Option Plan
Balance at December 31, 2001                -       161,120        $0.44
Options canceled/forfeited                  -      (143,100)       $0.44
                                   ------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2002                -        18,020        $0.44
Options canceled/forfeited                  -             -        $0.44
                                   ------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2003                -        18,020        $0.44
Options canceled/forfeited/expired          -       (10,600)       $0.44
                                   ------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2004                -         7,420        $0.44
                                   ==========================================


1996 Incentive Stock Option Plan
Balance at December 31, 2001        1,609,400     1,118,670        $1.13
Options granted                    (1,250,000)    1,250,000        $0.09
Options canceled/forfeited            324,665      (324,665)       $0.93
                                   ------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2002          684,065     2,044,005        $0.53
Options granted                      (125,000)      125,000        $0.19
Options cancelled/forfeited            18,185       (18,185)       $1.12
                                   ------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2003          577,250     2,150,820        $0.50
Options granted                             -             -        $0.00
Options cancelled/forfeited            17,500       (17,500)       $0.22
                                   ------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2004          594,750     2,133,320        $0.50
                                   ==========================================


     A summary of stock options exercisable and stock options outstanding under
the 1996 Incentive Stock Option Plan is as follows:

                              1996 Incentive Stock Option Plan
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   Options Exercisable           Options Outstanding
                   at December 31, 2004          At December 31, 2004
                 ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    Weighted
                              Weighted                Weighted       Average
   Range of                    Average                 Average     Remaining
   Exercise         Number      Price       Number      Price      Contractual
    Prices       Exercisable  Per Share  Outstanding  Per Share    Life (years)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 $0.09 - $0.94    1,515,000     $0.20     1,720,000     $0.19          6.8
 $1.06 - $3.75      345,120     $1.90       413,120     $1.82          4.7
 $6.75 - $7.38          200     $6.75           200     $6.75          2.0
                 ---------------------------------------------------------------
 $0.09 - $7.38    1,860,320     $0.51     2,133,320     $0.50          6.4
                 ===============================================================

                                       36
<PAGE>


     The pro forma disclosures required by SFAS 123 regarding net loss and net
loss per share are stated as if the Company had accounted for stock options
using fair values. Using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model the fair value
at the date of grant for these options was estimated using the following
assumptions:
                                               2003               2002
                                              -----------------------------

         Dividend yield                          -                  -
         Expected volatility                   132%               136%
         Risk-free rate of return              1.99%          2.39% - 4.32%
         Expected option life, years             3                  3

     The weighted average fair value for options granted under the Option Plans
during 2003 and 2002 was $0.14 and $0.07, respectively. No options were granted
by the Company in 2004.

     The Black-Scholes and other option pricing models were developed for use in
estimating fair value of traded options, which have no vesting restrictions and
are fully transferable. In addition, option-pricing models require the input of
highly subjective assumptions. The Company's employee stock options have
characteristics significantly different than those of traded options, and
changes in the subjective assumptions can materially affect the fair value
estimate. Accordingly, in management's opinion, these existing models may not
necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of employee
stock options.

     Stock Warrants

     In November 2000, the Company issued three-year warrants to acquire 920,000
shares of the Company's common stock at a weighted average price of $.7464 per
share. The warrants were issued in conjunction with the issuance of a $1,000,000
convertible debenture and the arrangement of an equity line agreement. In 2002,
the weighted average conversion price was reduced to $.05 per share in
conjunction with the restructuring of the remaining balance of the convertible
debenture. All the warrants expired unexercised in 2003.

6.   Employee Benefit Plans

     The Company has an employee savings plan (the Savings Plan) that qualifies
as a deferred salary arrangement under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue
Code. Under the Savings Plan, participating employees may defer a portion of
their pretax earnings, up to the Internal Revenue Service annual contribution
limit.

7.   Leases

     The Company has non-cancelable operating leases for the rental of its
offices and warehouse. Future minimum lease payments under these leases at
December 31, 2004 are approximately $2,700, all of which is payable in 2005.

     In 2004, 2003, and 2002 the Company incurred rent expense, including rent
associated with cancelable rental agreements, of approximately $32,000, $47,000
and $92,000, respectively.

8.   Income Taxes

     As of December 31, 2004, the Company had federal and state tax net
operating loss carryforwards of approximately $66,797,000. The net operating
loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2009, if not utilized.

                                       37
<PAGE>


     Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of
the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:

                                                             December 31,
                                                        2004            2003
                                                    ----------------------------
         Deferred tax assets:
           Net operating loss carryforwards         $ 24,891,000   $ 24,811,000
           Accrued expenses                               18,000         18,000
           Other                                           6,000          6,000
                                                    ----------------------------
         Total deferred tax assets                    24,915,000     24,835,000
                                                    ----------------------------
         Deferred tax liabilities:
           Other                                               -         (1,000)
                                                    ----------------------------
         Total deferred tax liabilities                        -         (1,000)
                                                    ----------------------------
         Less: Valuation allowance                   (24,915,000)   (24,834,000)
                                                    ----------------------------
         Total net deferred taxes                   $          -   $          -
                                                    ============================

     The Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the full amount of its
net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, based on management's
evaluation of the evidential recognition requirements under the criteria of SFAS
109. The main component of the evidential recognition requirements was the
Company's cumulative pretax losses since inception. The provision for income
taxes at the Company's effective rate did not differ from the provision for
income taxes at the statutory rate for 2004, 2003, and 2002.

9.   Segment Information

     The Company conducts its business within one industry segment - financial
services technology. To date, all revenues generated have been from transactions
with North American customers. Single entities accounted for 87%, 97% and 87%
revenues in 2004, 2003, and 2002, respectively. All other segment disclosures
required by SFAS 131 are included in the consolidated financial statements or in
the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

10.  Related Party Transactions

     In December 2003, the Company issued a convertible note in the principle
amount of $100,000 to a subsidiary of The South Financial Group, which owns
approximately 12% of the Company's outstanding common stock.

     In July 2003, the Company relocated and executed a month-to-month lease
with a holder of one of its convertible notes. The rent expense for the office
for the twelve month period ended December 31, 2004 and six month period ended
December 31, 2003, was approximately $18,000 and $7,500, respectively.

     In January 2003, the Company issued 283,334 shares of common stock to two
board members in lieu of cash compensation owed to them by the Company.

     In June 2002, the Company issued a convertible secured note to its
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer in the principal amount of
$125,000. The note bears interest at 8%, and principal and accrued interest are
due in June 2004.

     In June 2002, the Company issued 70,000 shares of Company stock to a member
of its Board of Directors as a finder's fee for capital raising services.

                                       38
<PAGE>


11.  Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

     The Company and its founder, Jeff Norris, have been defendants in a lawsuit
filed by Temple Ligon on November 30, 1996 in the Court of Common Pleas for the
County of Richland in Columbia, South Carolina. Mr. Ligon claims, among other
things, that the Company and Mr. Norris breached an agreement to give him a 1%
equity interest in the Company in consideration of services Mr. Ligon claims to
have performed in 1993 and 1994 in conjunction with the formation of the
Company, and seeks monetary damages of $5,463,000. This lawsuit initially
resulted in a jury verdict against the Company of $68,000. However, Mr. Ligon
subsequently requested and was granted a new trial. In January 2004, this
lawsuit resulted in another jury verdict against the Company of $382,148. In
connection with the litigation and the resulting jury verdict, the Company filed
post-trial motions with the trial court in which, among other things, it claimed
that the jury verdict should be set aside. On July 23, 2004, the trial judge
granted the Company's motions, set aside the jury verdict, and ordered entry of
a judgment in favor of the Company. The plaintiff has appealed the trial judge's
ruling to the South Carolina Court of Appeals. If the Company becomes obligated
to pay more than an insignificant amount of damages in connection with this
litigation, it will be forced to consider alternatives for winding down its
business, which may include offering its patents for sale or filing for
bankruptcy protection.

     In November 2003, Household International, Inc. ("Household") filed a
declaratory judgment action against the Company in United States District Court
in Wilmington, Delaware (the "Delaware Federal Court"). In its complaint
Household requested the Delaware Federal Court to rule that Household was not
infringing any of the claims of the Company's patents (U.S. Patent No. 5,870,721
C1, No. 5,940,811, and No. 6,105,007) and that the patents were not valid. The
Company filed counterclaims against Household claiming that Household infringes
U. S. Patent Nos. 5,870,721 C1, 5,940,811 and 6,105,007. The Company also filed
a motion with the Delaware Federal Court to transfer the case to the Columbia
Federal Court. In April 2004, the Delaware Federal Court granted the Company's
motion to transfer the case to Columbia Federal Court. As discussed previously,
the PTO has granted the reexamination request filed by Federated and Ameritrade
relating to U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007. The Company has had discussions with
Household to jointly file a request with the Columbia Federal Court to stay the
Household action pending the resolution of the PTO's reexamination. The Company
believes that it is likely that the lawsuit will be stayed pending the
resolution of the reexamination of U. S. Patent No. 6,105,007.

     The Company has also instigated litigation against Federated Department
Stores, Inc. and Ameritrade Holding Corporation in which it claims that these
companies have infringed U.S. Patent No. 6,105,007. For more information about
these proceedings, see Note 1 to the Company's consolidated financial
statements.

12.  Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)

                                   First       Second       Third      Fourth
                                   Quarter     Quarter     Quarter     Quarter
                                 -----------------------------------------------
   Year ended
   December 31, 2004
   Revenue                       $ 254,412   $   4,412   $  23,011   $   5,463
   Gross profit                    191,471       3,971      22,569       5,022
   Net (loss) income              (122,990)   (185,575)    242,351    (150,913)

   Net loss per share -
    basic and diluted                (0.00)      (0.00)       0.01       (0.00)

   Year ended
   December 31, 2003
   Revenue                       $   4,412   $   4,412   $   4,411   $ 504,412
   Gross profit                      3,970       3,972       3,969     503,971
   Net (loss) income              (235,709)   (197,486)   (156,787)     29,474
   Net loss per share -
    basic and diluted                (0.01)      (0.00)      (0.00)       0.00

The sum of certain net loss per share amounts differs from the annual reported
total due to rounding.

                                       39
<PAGE>


Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
        Financial Disclosure

        Not applicable

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

     The Company has carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with
the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"). Based upon that evaluation, the
Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the
Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31,
2004, in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting information required
to be disclosed by the Company (including consolidated subsidiaries) in the
Company's Exchange Act filings.

     There were no changes in the Company's internal controls over financial
reporting that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter that
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company's internal controls over financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information

         Not applicable

Part III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

     Information required by this Item will be contained in the Registrant's
definitive proxy statement relating to its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
held on May 26, 2005 under the captions "Board of Directors - Code of Ethics,"
"Board of Directors - Audit Committee Financial Expert," "Board of
Directors--Nominees for Director," and "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance," which are incorporated by reference herein.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

     Information required by this Item will be contained in the Registrant's
definitive proxy statement relating to its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
held on May 26, 2005 under the captions "Executive Compensation" and "Board of
Directors--Compensation of Directors", which are incorporated by reference
herein.

                                       40
<PAGE>


Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
         Related Stockholder Matters

     Certain information required by this Item will be contained in the
Registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held on May 26, 2005 under the caption "Security Ownership of
Management and Certain Beneficial Owners," which is incorporated by reference
herein.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S> <C>                     <C>                         <C>                        <C>
                                              Equity Compensation Plan Information
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                      Number of securities
                                                                                     remaining available for
                             Number of securities to be  Weighted-average exercise   future issuance under
                              issued upon exercise of      price of outstanding     equity compensation plans
                                outstanding options,       options, warrants and     (excluding securities
        Plan Category           warrants and rights               rights            reflected in column (a))
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       (a)                          (b)                        (c)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Equity compensation plans
    approved by security
          holders                    2,160,740                     $0.50                     594,750
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Equity compensation plans
   not approved by security
          holders                       35,000                     $0.47                           -
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            Total                    2,195,740                     $0.50                     594,750
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

     Information reflected in "Equity compensation plans not approved by
security holders" relates to a warrant issued in connection with a financing
arrangement. In September 2000, the Company entered into a convertible debenture
and warrants purchase agreement with an investor and, in connection therewith,
issued to the broker representing the investor in this transaction a five-year
warrant to acquire 35,000 shares of the Company's common stock at $0.47 per
share.

     The table set forth above does not include any information with respect to
shares of common stock that may be issued upon the conversion of convertible
notes that have been issued by the Company. At December 31, 2004, there was
$1,383,149 of principal and accrued interest outstanding under these notes,
which could be converted into an aggregate of 6,915,745 shares of the Company's
common stock at a conversion price of $0.20 per share.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

     If applicable, information required by this Item will be contained in the
Registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held on May 26, 2005 under the caption "Certain
Transactions," which is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

     Information required by this item will be contained in the Registrant's
definitive proxy statement relating to its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
held on May 26, 2005, under the caption "Accounting Fees."

                                       41
<PAGE>


Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(a)  (1)  The following consolidated financial statements of Affinity Technology
     Group, Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
     are included in Item 8.
     i.   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2004 and 2003.
     ii.  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31,
          2004, 2003, and 2002.
     iii. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency) for the
          years ended December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002.
     iv.  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
          2004, 2003, and 2002.
     v.   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

     (2)  Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

          No other financial statement schedules are to be filed with this
Annual Report on Form 10-K due to the absence of the conditions under which they
are required or because the required information is included within the
consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto included herein.

     (3)  Exhibits:

     Documents incorporated by reference to exhibits that have been filed with
the Company's reports or proxy statements under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 are available to the public over the Internet from the SEC's web site at
http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any such document at the SEC's
public reference room located at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549
under the Company's SEC file number (0-28152).

Exhibit Number  Description
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     3.1       Certificate of Incorporation of Affinity Technology Group, Inc.,
               which is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
               Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity Technology Group,
               Inc. (File No. 333-1170).
     3.2       Bylaws of Affinity Technology Group, Inc., which is hereby
               incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration
               Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity Technology Group, Inc. (File
               No. 333-1170).
     4.1       Specimen Certificate of Common Stock which is hereby incorporated
               by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form
               S-1 of Affinity Technology Group, Inc. (File No. 333-1170).
     4.2       Sections 4, 7 and 8 of the Certificate of Incorporation of
               Affinity Technology Group, Inc., as amended, and Article II,
               Sections 3, 9 and 10 of the Bylaws of Affinity Technology Group,
               Inc., as amended, which are incorporated by reference to Exhibits
               3.1 and 3.2, respectively, to the Registration Statement on Form
               S-1 of Affinity Technology Group, Inc. (File No. 333- 1170).
     4.3       Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, dated June 3, 2002, between
               Affinity Technology Group, Inc., and certain investors, which is
               incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's
               Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended June 30,
               2002.

    10.1*      Form of Stock Option Agreement (1995 Stock Option Plan), which is
               hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the
               Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity Technology Group,
               Inc. (File No. 333-1170).

    10.2*      Form of Stock Option Agreement (1996 Stock Option Plan), which is
               hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the
               Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity Technology Group,
               Inc. (File No. 333-1170).

    10.3*      Form of Stock Option Agreement (Directors' Stock Option Plan),
               which is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the
               Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity Technology Group,
               Inc. (File No. 333-1170).

    10.4*      1995 Stock Option Plan of Affinity Technology Group, Inc., which
               is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the
               Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity Technology Group,
               Inc. (File No. 333-1170).

                                       42
<PAGE>


    10.5*      Amended and Restated 1996 Stock Option Plan of Affinity
               Technology Group, Inc., which is hereby incorporated by reference
               to Exhibit 10 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
               the quarter ended September 30, 1999.

    10.6*      Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan of Affinity Technology
               Group, Inc., which is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity
               Technology Group, Inc. (File No. 333-1170).

    10.7       Stock Rights Agreement, dated October 20, 1995, between Affinity
               Technology Group, Inc., and certain investors, which is hereby
               incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registration
               Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity Technology Group, Inc. (File
               No. 333-1170).

    10.8*      Declaration of First Amendment to 1996 Stock Option Plan of
               Affinity Technology Group, Inc., and 1995 Stock Option Plan of
               Affinity Technology Group, Inc., which is incorporated by
               reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Annual Report on Form
               10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998.

    10.9*      Restricted Stock Agreement between Affinity Technology Group,
               Inc., and Joseph A. Boyle, which is incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
               the quarter ended June 30, 2002.

   10.10*      Stock Agreement between Affinity Technology Group, Inc., and
               Wade H. Britt, III, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               10.2 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
               quarter ended June 30, 2002.

   10.13       Legal Representation Agreement, dated May 27, 2003, between
               decisioning.com, Inc., and Withrow & Terranova, PLLC, which is
               incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Quarterly Report
               on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2003.

      14       Code of Ethics, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14
               of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
               December 31, 2003.

      21       Subsidiaries of Affinity Technology Group, Inc.

    23.1       Consent of Scott McElveen, L.L.P.

      31       Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification.

      32       Section 1350 Certification.

*    Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

(b)  Exhibits

     The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are filed herewith and
incorporated by reference herein. The response to this portion of Item 15 is
submitted under Item 15(a) (3).

(c)  Financial Statement Schedules.

     The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted under Item 15(a) (2).

                                       43
<PAGE>


Signatures

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                       Affinity Technology Group, Inc.

Date: March 31, 2005                   By: /s/ Joseph A. Boyle
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Joseph A. Boyle
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


Signatures                  Title                                 Date
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

/s/ Joseph A. Boyle                                               March 31, 2005
---------------------------
Joseph A. Boyle             Chairman, President, Chief Executive
                            Officer and Chief Financial Officer
                            and Director (principal executive and
                            financial officer)


/s/ Wade H. Britt, III                                            March 31, 2005
---------------------------
Wade H. Britt, III          Director


/s/  Robert M. Price, Jr.                                         March 31, 2005
---------------------------
Robert M. Price, Jr.        Director


/s/  Peter R. Wilson, Ph.D.                                       March 31, 2005
---------------------------
Peter R. Wilson, Ph.D.      Director


/s/  S. Sean Douglas                                              March 31, 2005
---------------------------
S. Sean Douglas             Executive Vice President and Chief
                            Operating Officer (principal
                            accounting officer)

                                       44
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S><C>                           <C>           <C>         <C>              <C>              <C>
1.   Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

          COL. A                    COL. B             COL. C                  COL. D            COL. E
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       Additions
                                               ----------------------------
                                  Balance at   Charged to     Charged to
                                 Beginning of  Costs and    Other Accounts   Deductions-     Balance at End
        Description                 Period      Expenses     - Describe        Describe         of Period
-------------------------------- ------------  ----------  ---------------- ---------------  --------------
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002
Reserves and allowances deducted
 from asset accounts:
Allowance for doubtful
 accounts                         $ 10,601     $   7,519    $            -   $   18,120 (1)  $           -
Reserve for inventory
 obsolescence                     $984,893     $ 100,379    $            -   $1,085,272 (2)  $           -

(1)  Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries.
(2)  Obsolete parts written off.
</TABLE>

                                       45
<PAGE>


Exhibit Index

Exhibit Number           Description
21                       Subsidiaries of Affinity Technology Group, Inc.
23.1                     Consent of Scott McElveen L.L.P.
31                       Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications
32                       Section 1350 Certifications

                                       46
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
