<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ab_k112.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K, 12-31-2001
<TEXT>
================================================================================
                                  United States
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K
              Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001     Commission File Number:  0-18259

                          AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

           Delaware                                       93-1143627
(State or other jurisdiction of             (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)

                      2320 SE AG-BAG LANE
                       Warrenton, Oregon                     97146
           (Address of principal executive offices)       (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (503) 861-1644

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                      None

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                     Common Stock, par value $.01 per share
                                (Title of Class)

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
                                           Yes      |X|     No  _
                                                    ---

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. __

     Based on the closing sales price of the Common Stock on February 28, 2002,
the aggregate market value of the voting stock of registrant held by
non-affiliates was $ 1,383,791.

     The registrant has one class of Common Stock with 11,956,991 shares
outstanding as of March 8, 2002.

                      Documents Incorporated By Reference:

     Portions of the proxy statement for the Registrant's Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held June 3, 2002, are incorporated by reference into Part
III of this report.
================================================================================
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                              PAGE


<S>                                                                                           <C>
PART I            ...........................................................................  2
     Item 1.      Business...................................................................  2
     Item 2.      Properties................................................................. 10
     Item 3.      Legal Proceedings.......................................................... 11
     Item 4.      Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders........................ 11
     Executive Officers of the Registrant.................................................... 12

PART II           ........................................................................... 13
     Item 5.      Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters ..... 13
     Item 6.      Selected Financial Data.................................................... 15
     Item 7.      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
                  of Operations.............................................................. 17
     Item 7A.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk................. 25
     Item 8.      Financial Statements and Supplemental Data................................. 25
     Item 9.      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
                  Financial Disclosure....................................................... 25

PART III          ........................................................................... 26
     Items 10. and 11.  Directors and Executive Officers of Registrant and Executive
                  Compensation............................................................... 26
     Item 12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management............. 26
     Item 13.     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions............................. 26

PART IV           ........................................................................... 27
     Item 14.     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K............ 27
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

         When used in this Annual Report, the words "believes," "anticipates"
and "intends" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. See
"Factors Affecting Forward-Looking Statements." Readers are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of
the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release any
revisions to these forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events
or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events.

         Forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K relate to the
Company's plans and expectations as to: timing of demand for bagging machines
and bags; reductions in U.S. milk prices; availability of credit in the farming
sector; potential purchases of the Company's bagging machines, bags and
composting systems; anticipated inventory production; the availability of trade
credit and working capital; and the Company's dependence on the dairy industry.
Readers are urged, however, to review the factors set forth in reports the
Company files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Item 1.  Business
-----------------

General
-------

     Ag-Bag International Limited (the "Company") was incorporated as a New York
corporation in 1989. The primary operating company, Ag-Bag Corporation, a
Nebraska corporation, was incorporated in 1978. The Company changed its name in
1990 from AB Holding Group, Inc. to Ag-Bag International Limited. In 1994, in an
effort to streamline and save administrative expenses, two of the Company's
operating subsidiaries, A.B. Rental, Inc. and Ag-Bag Corporation were merged
into the Delaware subsidiary, ABVIN Merging Corp. On January 1, 1995, the
Company was merged into its Delaware subsidiary resulting in the reincorporation
of the Company in Delaware and a change in its name to Ag-Bag International
Limited.

     The Company has pioneered an alternate method of storing feed for
livestock. Traditional methods of storing feed have included placing it in
bunkers, pits, and silos or baling and stacking it. The Company's method is to
store the feed in huge plastic bags of up to 500 feet in length and up to 12
feet in diameter by tightly stuffing the feed into the bag. The Company
assembles the machines for stuffing the feed into the bags. It has the bags
manufactured to its specifications and then folds and distributes the bags
through its dealer network. The benefits of bagging the feed include reduced
cost, additional flexibility in harvesting and storing the feed, enhanced feed
quality, and relatively small capital requirements. The Company also sells
ancillary products that complement the Company's main line of bagging machines
and bags.

     The following table identifies the revenue from each product line that
accounted for more than 15% of total revenue over the last three years:

         Product            1999            2000            2001
         ---------          ----            ----            ----
         Bags                52%             53%             48%
         Machines            41%             39%             43%
         Other                7%              8%              9%
                            ----            ----            ----
         Net Sales          100%            100%            100%

     The Company expects the use of bagging as a means of silage storage to
continue to play a major role in the future because the quality of stored feed
is better than other known competitive methods, allowing farmers to be more
efficient and to produce dairy, beef, sheep and pork products at a lower price.
The Company believes the concept of bagging is one way in which farmers can be
more profitable by reducing,

                                       2
<PAGE>
or completely eliminating,  the purchase of feed and grain from outside sources.
Bagging  enables  the  farmer  to  produce  and  store  the feed on the farm and
provides easier access to the silage,  thereby allowing the farmer to choose the
quality  of silage to feed at any given  time.  The  bagged  feed has shown high
quality, allowing for higher production.

     The Company expanded its operations into Europe in 1989 where it offered a
custom bagging service on a fee per metric tonne basis in the United Kingdom. In
1997, the Company's Board of Directors approved a strategic realignment of the
Company. The realignment involved the sale of the Company's United Kingdom
subsidiary, which had not been performing at a profitable level due to the
continued escalation of the BSE (Mad Cow) problem within the British farming
industry.

     In 1994, the Company shipped its first orders to dealers in Japan, Latin
America and Germany. The Company continues to sell worldwide in Asia, Australia,
New Zealand, Western and Central Europe and the Caribbean. Export sales from the
Company's United States operations were 6.3% of net sales for the year ended
December 31, 2001.

     In 1997, the Company formed a German joint venture in which the Company
owns a 50% interest and its German dealer owns the remaining 50%. The joint
venture folds and distributes silage bags to the Company's German and European
dealers.

     The Company is developing other uses for its bagging technology. In 1993,
the Company adapted its bagging machines to permit bagging of compostable
organic matter in the Company's recyclable Tri-Dura(R) plastic bags. The Company
also has developed mobile plastic recovery units which enable the Company to
bail and pick up the recyclable Tri-Dura(R) plastic bags as a service to its
customers.

Seasonal Nature of Business
---------------------------

     The core business of the Company is historically seasonal due to the
harvest seasons in North America and Europe. The Company's machinery tends to be
purchased in anticipation of the next harvest season, so most of the sales of
machinery occur in the spring and summer. This requires the Company to carry
significant amounts of inventory to meet rapid delivery requirements of
customers. Bag sales tend to occur as the harvest season approaches in the
summer, and during the harvest season in the fall. The Company took steps to
counteract some of this seasonality by generating sales in Latin America
beginning in 1994 and in Australia and New Zealand in 1996.

     Approximately 95% of the Company's business is concentrated in the Northern
Hemisphere resulting in between 65-72% of the Company's revenue being generated
during the spring and summer (2nd and 3rd Quarters). The following table
outlines the percentage of revenue over the past three years by quarter:

         Quarter              1999              2000              2001
         -------              ----              ----              ----
         1st                  15%               21%               15%
         2nd                  33%               31%               35%
         3rd                  39%               34%               35%
         4th                  13%               14%               15%




                                       3
<PAGE>
Farm Equipment and Products
---------------------------

     Introduction. Silage is made using the Ag-Bag(R) system by storing forage
crops, such as corn, sorghum, or alfalfa, under anaerobic (without oxygen)
conditions in sealed Ag-Bag Tri-Dura(R) storage bags. The traditional methods
for making silage involve storing it in bunkers, pits or silos. Using
traditional methods, there is a nutrient loss resulting from a reduction in the
moisture content of the forage before storage. The moisture content must be
reduced to compensate for the high oxygen content of the forage which results
from the inability to pack the forage tightly enough. When the forage is not
packed sufficiently, the silage fermentation process produces too much heat
resulting in an even greater loss of nutrient value than would occur if the
moisture content were not reduced. The loss of nutrient value results in the
need for additional food supplements or an increased volume of feed.

     The Ag-Bag(R) system is an alternative to bunkers, pits and silos. The
Ag-Bag(R) bagging machines push the forage into huge recyclable plastic film
Tri-Dura(R) bags with sufficient compaction to minimize the amount of oxygen in
the bag, which is then sealed tightly when filled. As a result, the forage can
be stored with significantly higher moisture content. The ability to store the
forage in this manner also reduces the time required to cut, prepare and store
the forage thus reducing the loss of nutrients and providing higher quality feed
for production within the farmers' herds.

     Ag-Bag(R) Farm Equipment. The Company's principal line of farm equipment is
marketed under the trade name "Ag-Bagger(R)." The Ag-Bagger(R) is available in
three versions with a number of optional features. A wide range of optional
features are offered by the Company on its bagging machines in order to meet the
budget needs of the farmer.

     The smallest version consists of machines used to load forage into Ag-Bag
Tri-Dura(R) storage bags ranging in size from 8 to 10 feet in diameter and 100
to 200 feet in length. This version was first introduced by the Company in 1987.
It is used primarily in smaller dairy and cattle feeding operations by dairymen
with herds averaging about 50 head and by cattlemen feeding up to about 300 head
of feeder cattle. Most of these machines are powered by the power take-off unit
of a farm tractor and moved by a tractor or other farm vehicle. The retail price
for this machine ranges from approximately $24,000 to $48,000.

     In 1992, the Company introduced a medium-sized machine that can be operated
by the power take-off unit of a farm tractor or operated independently with an
optional diesel engine made by Caterpillar or Deere & Company. This machine
allows farmers to load forage into Ag-Bag Tri-Dura(R) storage bags ranging in
size from 9 to 10 feet in diameter and 100 to 250 feet in length. This machine
is primarily suitable for use by dairymen with herds ranging from 150 to 300
head and by cattlemen feeding between 300 and 800 head of feeder cattle. The
retail price for this machine ranges from approximately $74,000 to $203,000.

     The largest version consists of machines that can be used to load Ag-Bag
Tri-Dura(R) storage bags ranging in size from 9 to 12 feet in diameter and 150
to 500 feet in length. These machines are used primarily by dairymen with herds
ranging from 300 to 2,000 head, by cattlemen with herds ranging from 800 to
15,000 head, and by custom operators. A super 12-foot Ag-Bagger(R) was developed
in 1989 and enhanced in 1995 for use by very large dairy and custom operators
and by cattle feeding operations with herds ranging from 15,000 to 25,000 head
of cattle. The larger machines are available with optional diesel engines made
by Caterpillar or Deere & Company. The retail price for the larger machines
ranges from approximately $110,000 to $278,000.


                                       4
<PAGE>
     In response to a competitor's introduction of a cable-less machine in early
1995, the Company began research and development on its own cable-less machine
in early 1996. The Company began production of its own cable-less machine in
1997. In 1998, the Company introduced its own cable-less bagging machine called
the HFC (Hydraulic Finger Controlled) Silage Bagger. The introduction of this
machine was in response to what the Company felt was a change in direction of
the industry towards the cable-less machine design and the latest in bagging
technology. In 1999, the Company continued to develop and improve its cable-less
bagging machine by developing the Powered Anchor Control (PAC) system, and in
2000 introduced its latest version of the cable-less bagging machine, the
HYPAC(R) (Hydraulic Powered Anchor Control) system. The Company offers the
HYPAC(R) model in small, medium-sized and large bagging machines. The retail
price for the HYPAC(R) machines range from approximately $48,000 to $278,000.

     The Company assembles and sells a separate line of related equipment called
the Ag-Bag Flex-a-Tuber(R) with a retail price ranging from $11,500 to $18,000.
The Flex-a-Tuber(R) permits farmers to store round-baled alfalfa, sorghum, and
other forage in Ag-Bag Tri-Dura(R) storage bags. The round bale Flex-a-Tubers(R)
are made in two sizes to permit the bagging of 4 and 5 foot bales. The bales can
be stored in Ag-Bag Tri-Dura(R) storage bags up to 200 feet in length.

     The Company assembles and sells a separate line of related equipment called
the Square Bale Bagger which retails for between $23,500 to $31,000. The Square
Bale Bagger permits farmers to store square bales of alfalfa, sorghum and other
forage, two bales high in Ag-Bag Tri-Dura(R) flex storage bags. The Square Bale
Bagger permits the bagging of the bales in Ag-Bag Tri-Dura(R) flex storage bags
of 7 to 10 feet in diameter and up to 200 feet in length.

     The Company assembles and sells the Ag-Bag(R) Pro-Grain Bagger, which
retails for between $28,000 to $31,000. This machine is similar in design to the
smallest Ag-Bagger(R) machines but has been adapted to permit the storage of
grains, such as corn, rice, wheat and soybeans, as well as other products, in
Ag-Bag Tri-Dura(R) storage bags. The machine permits the grain to be bagged
without damaging the kernel. After the grain is bagged and sealed, it will
retain the necessary quality for human consumption.

     The Company also assembles and sells the Mighty Bite(R) front-end load
bucket. This revolutionary bucket replaces the conventional bucket.
Hydraulically operated, the Mighty Bite(R) closes tightly around material, thus
eliminating spillage and increasing load capacity due to compaction. The Company
manufactures the Mighty Bite(R) in sizes ranging from one-half cubic yard to two
cubic yards with a retail price ranging from $2,500 to $4,500.

     The Company adapted its Ag-Bag(R) bagging machines for use in large scale
"in-vessel" composting of organic matter. The bagging machine is used in
conjunction with a shredder that shreds the organic material, which is then fed
into the bagging machine that bags the compostable matter into Ag-Bag
Tri-Dura(R) storage bags. An air blower is attached to the bag and circulates
air through the bag during the composting process. The Ag-Bag(R) compost bagging
machines retail for between $49,500 to $130,000.

     Ag-Bag Tri-Dura(R) Storage Bags. The Ag-Bag Tri-Dura(R) disposable storage
bags range in size from 8 to 12 feet in diameter and 100 to 500 feet in length
and are made of extruded plastic. Rolls of plastic are manufactured to the
Company's specifications. The plastic contains special stabilizers to protect
the bags from deterioration due to exposure to weather and the sun's ultraviolet
rays. Once a Tri-Dura(R) bag is used, it may be recycled or disposed of in
another manner, but may not be reused.

     The Company contracts for the manufacture of, and sells Tri-Dura(R)
three-ply bags with a white exterior and black interior intended for storage of
silage up to 24 months. The retail price of the bags ranges from approximately
$225 to $1,350. The manufactured plastic rolls are shipped to the Company's
plant in Blair, Nebraska, where they are folded and packed for sale using
proprietary folding techniques.

                                       5
<PAGE>
The  proprietary  bag folding  techniques  reduce bag folding time and allow the
bags to uniformly  unfold when being filled,  which thereby reduces  operational
delays.

     Ag-Bag(R) Inoculant. The Company markets a liquid inoculant and a dry
powder inoculant under the trade name Ag-Bag Plus!(R). The inoculant is added to
the forage or the round or square bales during bagging. It enhances the
fermentation process for making silage in bags, bunkers, pits and silos by
substantially shortening the time necessary for the creation of the silage. A
liquid inoculant was developed in 1989 by a Company supplier and introduced into
the market in 1990. The dry inoculant is produced from a proprietary formula
owned by the Company and developed by Larry R. Inman and Walter L. Jay. See
"Executive Officers of the Registrant." The Company also markets an inoculant
designed specifically for composting.


Market Size
-----------

     The market for Ag-Bag(R) machinery and Ag-Bag Tri-Dura(R) recyclable
storage bags is primarily in the dairy and beef cattle industries. Silage is
used most often as dairy and beef animal feed. It is also used by farmers to a
lesser extent to feed hogs and sheep. In 2000, over 249 million tons of corn,
alfalfa, and sorghum silage were made by United States farmers according to the
AG IQ Handbook XIX published in 2001 by Agricom, Inc. (the "AG Handbook"). Based
on AG Handbook statistics, the Company estimates that there are approximately
135,000 dairy, beef, hog, and sheep farms in the United States that are
potential customers for Ag-Bag(R) farm equipment and Tri-Dura(R) storage bags;
and that only about 8-12% of this group are actually using storage bags made by
the Company or its competitors. It further estimates that about 50-55% of the
bagging industry customers purchase silage storage bags from the Company. In
addition to the U.S., the Company believes there is a large population of such
farms in Canada, Latin America, Western and Central Europe, Australia, New
Zealand, Asia, the Caribbean, and England where the Company currently sells and
distributes its products, and there is a large potential market in other
countries into which the Company may expand.

     The Company also markets a system for "in-vessel" composting which is
designed to eliminate odors and control leachate inherent with composting.
Composting is an alternative for disposing of or eliminating the large number of
organics from landfills. The Company's primary focus is currently directed
towards municipalities, private composters, military bases, zoos and the
Company's dairy and beef customers. The Company currently estimates the size of
the compost market within North America to be over $1.5 billion a year. Until
further marketing efforts are made outside North America, the Company cannot
estimate with any certainty the foreign market size. However, the Company
believes that there is a large potential market in other countries into which it
may expand. No assurance can be given that the "in-vessel" composting system
will be accepted in either the domestic or foreign marketplace.

Marketing
---------

     The Company markets its Ag-Bag(R) farm equipment, Tri-Dura(R) storage bags,
Ag-Bag Plus!(R) and other inoculants primarily through a network of United
States, Canadian, and international dealers. As of December 31, 2001, there were
79 dealers serviced by a combined total of 25 regional and territorial
Company-employed managers and sales support coordinators. Most of the dealers
market the entire Ag-Bag(R) line of farm equipment and products; however, some
dealers sell only the farm equipment and others sell only the Ag-Bag(R)
inoculants. The Company also sells farm equipment, Tri-Dura(R) storage bags, and
inoculant directly to large customers in states where there are no nearby
Ag-Bag(R) dealers.

     The Company offers customers the opportunity to finance the purchase of
Ag-Bag(R) farm equipment through unaffiliated third parties who offer
lease-purchase and wholesale financing.

                                       6
<PAGE>
     The Company rents used Ag-Bag(R) bagging machines to farmers in various
areas of the United States. The rental charge is based on the number of bags
purchased and filled with forage. The Company also sells Tri-Dura(R) storage
bags in bulk to several custom farming operations in the state of California
that own Ag-Bag(R) bagging equipment. These operators place their private labels
on the bags and bag forage for customers on a fee-per-bag basis.

     Prior to December 31, 1997, the Company offered a custom bagging service
through its subsidiary Ag-Bag Europe PLC in the United Kingdom. The Company sold
its subsidiary that had not been performing at a profitable level due to the BSE
(Mad Cow) problem within the British farming industry on December 31, 1997.

     The Company markets its composting system through a sublicense that allows
the end user to use the Ag-Bag(R) compost technology. The Company plans to
establish a composting dealer network and develop a regional and territorial
sales force that will have expertise in composting. The timing for these plans
will depend on the pace of market acceptance of the Company's composting system.

     The Company is not dependent on any single customer or a few customers. The
loss of any single customer would not have a material adverse effect on the
Company's financial condition or results of operations.


Assembly and Manufacturing
--------------------------

     Ag-Bag(R) Farm Equipment. The Company buys some of its components for its
bagging machines from various manufacturers, manufactures the remaining
components, and assembles the machines itself. The medium and large sized
machines, composting machines, HYPAC(R) (cable-less) machines, Square Bale
Baggers, and Flex-a-Tubers(R) are all assembled at the Company's headquarters
facility in Warrenton, Oregon. The smaller machines are assembled at the
Company's Blair, Nebraska plant. In 1999, the Company licensed its German dealer
to manufacture the mid-sized bagging machines for distribution within Europe.

     The Company assembles all of its machines in order to better control the
quality of the farm equipment. This method also permits the Company to offer
customized assembly for the end user of its equipment. The Company can acquire
and install name brand manufactured components specified by the customer in lieu
of those ordinarily installed by the Company.

     Ag-Bag Tri-Dura(R) Storage Bags. All of the three-ply Tri-Dura(R) storage
bags are manufactured for the Company by a single manufacturer. The bags are
manufactured to the Company's specifications using a stabilizer that protects
the plastic from becoming brittle due to exposure to weather and the sun's
ultraviolet light rays. The Tri-Dura(R) plastic bags are made in various
diameters based on bag orders received by the Company. The bags are shipped in
roll form to the Company's plant in Blair, Nebraska, where they are folded and
packaged for shipment.

     Ag-Bag(R) Inoculants. The liquid and compost inoculant is purchased by the
Company on the open market. The Company believes that the liquid and compost
inoculant will be reasonably available for purchase on the open market for the
foreseeable future. The dry inoculant is produced by the Company at the Blair,
Nebraska plant pursuant to a proprietary formula owned by the Company and
developed by Larry R. Inman and Walter L. Jay. See "Executive Officers of the
Registrant."

                                       7
<PAGE>
Principal Suppliers and Manufacturers
-------------------------------------

         The Company purchases its Tri-Dura(R) rolls from a company owned by
Steven G. Ross ("Supplier") pursuant to a supply agreement. Steven G. Ross is a
14.9% stockholder in the Company and owner of a company which competes with the
Company's Tri-Dura(R) bags. The supply agreement provides that the Company
purchase all of its plastic rolls, with certain exceptions, from Supplier
through at least December 31, 2007. Thereafter, either the Company or Supplier
may terminate the Supply Agreement upon two years' prior written notice. The
Company may purchase plastic rolls from other suppliers to the extent Supplier
is unable to supply plastic rolls under the Supply Agreement. The Company has a
good relationship with Supplier, and there are alternative suppliers available
in the event Supplier is unable to provide rolls.

     The structural components of the Company's farm and composting equipment
are manufactured in Oregon, Nebraska and Iowa by several manufacturing
companies. The Company believes that alternative sources of supply are readily
available at competitive prices if the present sources of supply should become
unavailable. The Company is not aware of any raw materials shortages or problems
with these suppliers that would adversely affect the Company's operations.

     The Company mixes the dry inoculant at its Blair, Nebraska facility. It
purchases the ingredients for the dry inoculant from a variety of suppliers. The
Company purchases the liquid and compost inoculant from a supplier, who mixes
the inoculants to the Company's specifications. The Company believes there are
various other alternative sources of supply.


Competition
-----------

     As the Company's corporate slogan, the "Complete 1(R)," indicates, the
Company believes it is the industry leader in the manufacture and sale of
complete sealed feed farm bagging systems. Ag-Bag is the only company that
manufactures the full line of equipment, bags, and other accessories for sealed
feed farm management. There are two competitors within the United States that
manufacture similar silage bagging machines. There are also a number of
competitors that manufacture bale wrapping machines, which compete with the
Company's Flex-a-Tuber(R). The Company distinguishes itself in the market place
from other manufactures by providing a top quality product, better warranty
protection, and customer service.

     The bag market is highly competitive. The Company competes in the bag
market by providing what the Company believes to be a superior product and
better warranty protection at a competitive price. The Company is also offering,
through central pickup locations in selected geographic areas of the U.S., a
recycling service for used Ag-Bag Tri-Dura(R) bags.

     The Company also competes with companies constructing bunkers and pits and,
to a lesser extent, silos. These competitors are mostly smaller companies that
build the bunkers and pits for the farmer, which the farmer then fills with
forage using available or rented farm equipment otherwise used in the farming
operation. While these methods do not require bags or special equipment to fill
the bags, the use of these alternatives involves a significant loss of
flexibility in storing and harvesting the feed and an overall loss of feed
quality. Flexibility is lost since structures must be permanently placed and
significant capital requirements are necessary to expand them. The feed quality
is inferior because of the amount of oxygen remaining after the forage is placed
in the pits or bunkers.

     The Company competes primarily with wind row turner manufacturers in
composting. Wind row turners compost by turning and watering static piles weekly
and require containment of odor and leachate. These turners are comparable in
price to the Company's compost machines. However, the Company's composting
systems offer the advantage of being self-contained, thus reducing odor and
requiring no


                                       8
<PAGE>
turning or watering.  There are  approximately 50  manufacturers of turners.  In
addition to the wind row turner manufacturers, the Company competes with several
companies that manufacture "in-vessel" systems, such as burners and incinerators
for large projects, which generally cost from $1 to $15 million.

     In addition to the current competition, national competitors may emerge if
the bagging equipment and storage bag markets continue to grow. These potential
competitors include large farm equipment manufacturers and large chemical
companies who might decide to manufacture and sell the storage bags.

     The Company competes in its product markets primarily on the basis of
product quality, warranty protection, and customer service. Some of its
competitors are larger and have greater financial, marketing, technical, and
other resources than the Company.

Backlog
-------

     The dollar amount of backlog orders of the Company that are believed to be
firm as of March 1, 2002, was approximately $3,400,000, compared to $3,250,000
on March 1, 2001, a 4.62% increase. Backlog, however, may not be a meaningful
indicator of future sales. This backlog is seasonal and is reasonably expected
to be filled within the current fiscal year.


Research and Development
------------------------

     During 2001, the Company focused research and development expenditures on
new silage and compost machine development. The Company also completed research
on various projects undertaken regarding new silage and nutritional studies of
bagged feed and their effects on animal production during the year.


Environmental Matters
---------------------

     Compliance with federal, state and local laws and regulations regulating
the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the
protection of the environment, had no material effect upon capital expenditures,
earnings, or competitive positions of the Company during the year ended December
31, 2001.


Patents and Trademarks
----------------------

     The Company has basic and improvement patents in the U.S., as well as a
number of patents pending, that encompass machines, bags and systems for silage
bagging, grain bagging, and hay/straw bale bagging. Corresponding applications
have or will be filed in selected foreign countries. In addition, proprietary
rights in the bagging of compost have been and are being developed in the U.S
and in selected foreign countries.

     The Company's patents on its basic bagging machine have been found to be
valid and have been successfully defended in prior litigation. The Company
believes that it has developed its position in the industry partially as a
result of protection provided by these patents. The Company also owns the
proprietary formula for making the dry inoculant marketed under the trade name
Ag-Bag Plus!(R), which was developed by Larry R. Inman and Walter L. Jay. (See
"Executive Officers of the Registrant" and "Item 3. Legal Proceedings.")


                                       9
<PAGE>
     The names Ag-Bag(R), Ag-Bag Plus!(R), Bale-Bag(R), Flex-a-Tuber(R),
Flex-a-Tube(R), ABCTI System(R), Mighty Bite(R), Tri-Dura(R), and the symbol
"AB"(R) are all registered as trademarks with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office.

     The Company believes that its color scheme and trademarks are well known in
the industry, are an important part of its business, and give the Company a
competitive advantage.

Employees
---------

     On December 31, 2001, the Company had 91 full-time employees. The Company
employs approximately 170 people during its busy season. None of the Company's
employees are represented by a union, and the Company believes that its employee
relations are good.



Financial Information Relating to Foreign and Domestic Operations and Export
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sales
-----
                                                 (In thousands)
                                             Year Ended December 31
                                             ----------------------

                                          1999        2000        2001
                                          ----        ----        ----

Sales to unaffiliated customers:
         United States                   $29,878     $29,421     $26,888
         Canada                            1,889       1,280       1,030
         Germany                             495         441         445
         Latin America/Mexico                260         195          89
         Other foreign countries             161         109         248
                                        --------     --------    -------
                                         $32,683     $31,446     $28,700

Sales to affiliated customers:
         Officers and Directors                4           5           8
                                        --------     ----------  -------
Total                                    $32,687     $31,451     $28,708
                                         =======     =======     =======

Substantially all the Company's assets are located in the United States.
Reference is also made to the Selected Financial Data at Item 6.


Item 2.  Properties
-------------------

     In early 1990, the Company began occupying its 30,000 square foot facility
located in Warrenton, Oregon. This facility serves as a warehouse and houses the
major portion of its silage bagging equipment manufacturing. The Company's
administrative offices are also located there. Management estimates that the
manufacturing at the Warrenton plant is currently at approximately 65% of
capacity. The Company occupies the land pursuant to a lease that expires in
2015.

     The Company owns facilities in Blair, Nebraska, where the Company: folds
and packages its Tri-Dura(R) feed storage bags; prepares and packages its
proprietary inoculant; and, assembles its smaller bagging machines and
warehouses products. The Blair, Nebraska facility consists of three buildings
comprising approximately 70,000 square feet. Management estimates that
manufacturing at the Blair facility is currently at approximately 70% of
capacity.

                                       10
<PAGE>
Item 3.  Legal Proceedings
--------------------------

     The Company is one of three  defendants named in two purported class action
lawsuits,  S&S Forage & Equipment Co., Inc. v. Up North Plastics,  et al., filed
February 5, 1998, and Mr. and Mrs. Donald L. Steward v. Up North Plastics,  Inc.
et al.,  filed  September 29, 1999,  both alleging  conspiracy to fix prices and
sales quotas  involving  silage bag  manufacturers  and vendors.  Both cases are
pending  before the U.S.  District  Court for the District of  Minnesota.  Class
certification  has been  denied  in the S&S  Forage  case and no class  has been
certified in the Steward case.  The  defendants  have briefed and argued motions
for summary  judgment in both cases.  The court  currently has the motions under
advisement.  If the  plaintiffs  were to  obtain a  judgment  against  the three
companies,  the Company could be held jointly and severally liable.  The Company
believes  that  the  plaintiffs'  claims  have  no  merit,  and the  Company  is
vigorously  defending itself against these claims. The Company believes that the
outcome  of the  litigation  will  not have a  material  adverse  impact  on its
financial   condition  or  results  of  operations.   (See  "Factors   Affecting
Forward-Looking Statements.")

     The Company is one of three defendants named in a counterclaim to a
purported product warranty lawsuit, Andrew Magyar and Leslie Magyar v. Alberta
Ag-Bag Ltd., Ag-Bag International Ltd., and Jim Rakai, filed January 21, 2000.
The plaintiffs in the counterclaim allege breach of product warranty,
merchantability and fitness for the particular purpose relating to a bagging
machine purchased by the plaintiffs and seek monetary damages. This case is
pending before the Court of Queen's Bench of Alberta, Canada. The Company
believes that the claims alleged by the plaintiffs have no merit and the Company
is vigorously defending itself against these claims. The Company believes that
the outcome of the litigation will not have a material adverse impact on its
financial condition or results of operations. (See "Factors Affecting
Forward-Looking Statements.")

     The Company is one of three defendants named in a purported breach of
contract and product warranty lawsuit, Kevin Sustrik v. Alberta Ag-Bag Ltd.,
Ag-Bag International Ltd., and Jim Rakai, filed June 7, 2000. The plaintiff
alleges breach of contract and breach of product warranty relating to a bagging
machine purchased by the plaintiff and seeks monetary damages. This case is
pending before the Court of Queen's Bench of Alberta, Canada. The Company
believes that the plaintiff's allegations have no merit and the Company is
vigorously defending itself against these claims. The Company believes that the
outcome of the litigation will not have a material adverse impact on its
financial condition or results of operations. (See "Factors Affecting
Forward-Looking Statements.")

     The Company is a defendant in an alleged patent infringement lawsuit, Versa
Corporation v. Ag-Bag International Ltd., filed October 30, 2000 in the United
States District Court for the District of Oregon. The claim alleges patent
infringement upon Versa's U.S. Patent No. 5,799,472; 5,894,713; 5,345,744;
5,426,910; and 5,452.562 relating to a bag pan for an agricultural feed bagging
machine and seeks monetary damages. The case is in the discovery phase. The
Company denies Versa's allegations and is vigorously defending itself against
the claim. The Company believes that the outcome of the litigation will not have
a material adverse impact on its financial condition or results of operations.
(See "Factors Affecting Forward-Looking Statements.")

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
------------------------------------------------------------

     During the fourth quarter of 2001, no matters were submitted to a vote of
security holders.





                                       11
<PAGE>
Executive Officers of the Registrant
------------------------------------

     The executive officers of the Company, their respective ages as of March 1,
2002, business experience, and the period for which they have served are set
forth below. The executive officers are elected annually by the Board of
Directors at the first meeting following the start of the new calendar year.
Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.


      NAME                AGE                                POSITION
      ----                ---                                --------


Larry R. Inman            51          Chief Executive Officer (since 1990);
                                      President of the Company (since 1993);
                                      Chairman of the Board (1990-2000;
                                      2002-present); President of Ag-Bag
                                      Corporation (1984-1989) and Chairman
                                      (1989-1994) of Ag-Bag Corporation (former
                                      subsidiary).

Michael R. Wallis         37          Chief Financial Officer (since 1993) and
                                      Vice President of Finance (since 1992),
                                      Treasurer (since 1996); Manager, Yergen
                                      and Meyer (regional accounting firm,
                                      1986-1992).

Michael J. Schoville      51          Chief Operating Officer (since 2002);
                                      Credit Development Manager, John Deere
                                      Credit (1986-2001); Sales Manager, John
                                      Deere Company (1973-1986).

Arthur P. Schuette        62          Vice President, Sales (since 1991);
                                      Treasurer of the Company (1990-1991) and
                                      Treasurer (1983-1991) of Ag-Bag
                                      Corporation (former subsidiary).

Lou Ann Tucker            48          Secretary (since 1996), Vice President,
                                      Administration (1989-1999), and Treasurer
                                      (1991-1996); Executive Treasurer
                                      (1988-1994) of Ag-Bag Corporation (former
                                      subsidiary); co-owner of LGJ Livestock,
                                      Astoria, Oregon (horse and cattle ranch,
                                      since 1980).

Walter L. Jay             41          Vice President, Manufacturing (since
                                      1989); Manager of Blair, Nebraska Plant
                                      (since 1980); KW Trucking (1984-1987).







                                       12
<PAGE>
                                     PART II
                                     -------

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         The Company's Common Stock began trading publicly on January 17, 1990,
and was approved for quotation on Nasdaq on April 24, 1990, under the symbol
"AGBG." In 1997, the Nasdaq listing requirements were substantially expanded.
The Company does not currently qualify under the more stringent requirements
because the price at which its Common Stock is trading is below the $1 per share
minimum. The Company was formally notified on January 13, 1999 that its Common
Stock was delisted from quotation on The Nasdaq SmallCap Market for failure to
meet the new listing requirements. The Company's Common Stock is now quoted on
the OTC Bulletin Board.

         As of March 1, 2002, there were approximately 325 holders of record of
the Company's Common Stock. The Company estimates there are approximately 1,800
beneficial holders of the Company's Common Stock. The following table sets forth
the range of high and low bid prices of the Company's Common Stock for the
quarters indicated through the fourth quarter of 2001 as reported on the OTC
Bulletin Board:

Calendar Year                        High Bid           Low Bid
-------------                        --------           --------
2000:
----

First quarter                            $.81              $.38
Second quarter                           $.59              $.38
Third quarter                            $.50              $.33
Fourth quarter                           $.38              $.31

2001:
----

First quarter                            $.39              $.30
Second quarter                           $.40              $.23
Third quarter                            $.38              $.21
Fourth quarter                           $.32              $.20


The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail markups, markdowns,
or commissions and do not necessarily represent actual transactions.

Dividends
---------

     The Company has not paid any dividends on its Common Stock since its
inception, and the Board of Directors does not anticipate declaring any cash
dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable future. The Company currently
intends to utilize any earnings in its business. The Company may not pay
dividends on Common Stock pursuant to certain loan agreements, or while it is in
arrears in dividends on its preferred stock.






                                       13
<PAGE>
Unregistered Securities
-----------------------

      The following unregistered securities have been issued by the Company
during the year ended December 31, 2001:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
----------------------- ------------------------ ------------ -------------------- -------------
                                                   Name of
                          Title and Amount of     Principal
                              Securities         Underwriter/   Name or Class of
                         Granted/Exercise Price  Underwriting     Persons who
                             if Applicable       Discounts or  Received Securities Consideration
 Date of Grant                                    Commissions                        Received
----------------------- ------------------------ ------------ -------------------- -------------
<S>                     <C>                      <C>          <C>                  <C>
March 29, 2001            10,000 Options for          N/A          Officers             $0
                         Common Stock/$.33 per
                         share (1)
----------------------- ------------------------ ------------ -------------------- -------------
March 29, 2001            10,000 Options for          N/A          Udo Weber            $0
                         Common Stock/$.33 per
                         share (2)
----------------------- ------------------------ ------------ -------------------- -------------
 June 4, 2001             40,000 Options for          N/A         Nonemployee           $0
                         Common Stock/$.35 per                     Directors
                         share (3)
----------------------- ------------------------ ------------ -------------------- -------------
</TABLE>


     The above unregistered securities were granted in reliance on an exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
("Act") under Section 4(2) of the Act and/or under the "bonus stock/no sale"
interpretive position of the Securities and Exchange Commission.




















----------
1 Granted under Incentive Stock Option Plan. Options vest immediately.
2 Issued pursuant to a non-transferable option agreement which provides for
immediate vesting.
3 Granted under Non-employee Director Stock Option Plan. Options vest according
to terms of plan.

                                       14
<PAGE>
Item 6.  Selected Financial Data
--------------------------------

     The following table sets forth financial data derived from the audited
financial statements of the Company for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1998,
1999, 2000 and 2001. This selected financial data should be read in conjunction
with the audited financial statements of the Company and the related notes
thereto and with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this report on Form 10-K.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            (In thousands, except per share data)
                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                   -----------------------

                                                1997           1998          1999         2000          2001
                                                ----           ----          ----         ----          ----
<S>                                          <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
Statement of Operations Data:

Net Sales                                    $   20,293    $   27,710    $   32,687    $   31,451   $    28,708
Cost of Sales                                    18,493        20,800        25,085        24,800        22,947
                                             -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
Gross Profit from Operations                      1,800         6,910         7,602         6,651         5,761

Selling and Administrative Expenses               5,035         5,470         6,273         5,878         6,067
Research and Development Expenses                    87           150           324           136           214
Unusual Charge                                      980
                                             -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------

Income (Loss) from Operations                    (4,302)        1,290         1,005           637          (520)
Other Income (Expense)                             (290)          (64)          (30)         (123)          123
                                             -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
Income (Loss) before Provision for
  Income Taxes, and Discontinued Operations      (4,592)        1,226           975           514          (397)

Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes             (1,650)          422           327            (8)         (233)
                                             -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------

Income (Loss) before Discontinued
  Operations                                     (2,942)          804           648           522          (164)
Discontinued Operations-loss
 from operations                                   (449)
Discontinued Operations-loss on disposal of
  Ag-Bag Europe, PLC (less income tax benefit of
   $24,500)                                        (424)

                                             -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
Net Income (Loss)                            $   (3,815)   $      804    $      648    $      522    $     (164)
                                             ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========













                                       15
<PAGE>

                                                            (In thousands, except per share data)
                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                   -----------------------

                                                1997           1998          1999         2000          2001
                                                ----           ----          ----         ----          ----


Basic Earnings per Share:
  Income (Loss) before Discontinued
    Operations                               $     (.24)   $      .06    $       .05   $       .04   $      (.02)
  Discontinued Operations                          (.08)
                                             -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------

                                             $     (.32)   $      .06    $       .05   $       .04   $      (.02)
                                             ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========
Diluted Earnings per Share:
  Income (Loss) before Discontinued
   Operations                                $     (.24)   $      .06    $       .05   $       .04   $      (.02)
  Discontinued Operations                          (.08)
                                             -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
                                             $     (.32)   $      .06    $       .05   $       .04   $      (.02)
                                             ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========


Weighted Average Shares:
  Basic                                          12,056        12,062         12,062        12,062        12,002
                                             ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========
  Diluted                                        12,056        12,062         12,062        12,062        12,002
                                             ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========

Balance Sheet Data:
                                                                          December 31,
                                                1997           1998          1999         2000          2001
                                                ----           ----          ----         ----          ----

Working Capital                              $    5,681    $    6,818     $    7,156   $     7,387   $     6,456

Current Assets1                                   9,889         9,391          9,983        10,758         9,795

Total Assets1                                    15,190        13,820         14,575        15,727        14,996

Current Liabilities2                              4,208         2,573          2,827         3,371         3,339

Long-term Debt2                                   2,690         2,210          2,121         2,266         1,822

Total Stockholders' Equity3                       8,292         9,037          9,627        10,090         9,835

</TABLE>







----------

1 Includes deferred taxes.
2 Includes loans from shareholders and deferred taxes.
3 Includes $696 of preferred stock.


                                       16
<PAGE>
Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
of Operations
-------------

Results of Operations
---------------------

      The following table sets forth for the periods indicated certain items
reflected in the Company's statements of operations as a percentage of revenue:

                                       Percentage of Total Revenue
                                       ---------------------------
                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                         -----------------------

                               1997      1998      1999      2000      2001
                               ----      ----      ----      ----      ----

Net Sales                       100%      100%      100%      100%      100%

Costs and Expenses:
  Cost of Sales                  91%       75%       77%       79%       80%
  Selling and Administration     25%       20%       19%       19%       21%
  Research and Development      ---       ---         1%      ---        --
  Unusual Charge                  5%      ---       ---       ---        --

Income (Loss) From Operations   (21%)       5%        3%        2%       (1%)
                               ----      ----      ----      ----      ----


Years Ended December 31, 2001 and 2000
--------------------------------------

         For the year ended December 31, 2001, net sales decreased 8.72% to
$28,708,233 compared to $31,451,150 for the year ended December 31, 2000. Sales
were down for the year, in spite of several positive trends that were starting
to be seen towards the latter half of the year. During the first quarter of the
year, milk prices in the U.S. continued at very low levels coupled with
continued tightening of credit, especially in the U.S. farming sector, which
caused farmers to remain cautious about purchasing farm machinery and equipment
into the first half of the year, in spite of declining interest rates during
this period. Continued intense competition in the silage bag and machine market
was seen during the year, as farmers look for the most economical bag or
machine, without considering overall quality, customer service and recycling of
the used bags offered by the Company. Positive trends that began to emerge in
the second half of the year included stabilizing milk prices, continued optimism
that milk prices in the U.S. will remain above last year's record low levels
through 2002 and continued easing of credit by financial institutions for the
farming sector that, coupled with the interest rate reductions of 2001, allowed
farmers to be more optimistic and resume capital expenditures and purchase farm
equipment. Throughout 2001, supplemental grain feed costs also remained low,
which tends to improve the availability of farm operating funds.

         Machine sales for the year were flat and bag sales were down 18.43%
compared to 2000. The positive trends discussed above can be seen in machine
sales during the second half of 2001. Machine sales at September 30, 2001 were
down 3% for the year in comparison to 2000. This difference was made up during
the last quarter of 2001 to bring machine sales flat for the year in comparison
to 2000. As a percentage of total revenue however, machine sales for 2001
increased 4% and bag sales for 2001 decreased 5% compared to 2000. (See "Item 1.
Business - General.") Machine sales are directly tied to farmers' income and
therefore their ability to purchase new equipment. Bag sales for the year were
down largely due to intense competition in key dairy states, as farmers utilize
the most economical bag available without considering quality of the Company's
products and its recycling program. The Company's bag and parts sales are driven
by the total number of bagging machines that are in the


                                       17
<PAGE>
marketplace.  However,  there is not a perfect correlation between the Company's
bag  sales  and  machine  sales,  as the  Company's  and  competitors'  bags are
interchangeable  on all bagging  machinery in the industry.  The Company  cannot
estimate  with any  certainty  the total  number of machines or bags used in the
industry.  In  addition to compost bag sales,  the Company  sold ten  composting
systems during the year ended December 31, 2001 (generating  approximately  $1.3
million in revenue)  compared to twelve systems sold for the year ended December
31, 2000 (generating approximately $1.2 million in revenue).

         Although the Company sells its products primarily through a worldwide
dealer network, certain sales are made directly to large volume customers when a
dealer is not present in the customer's geographic market. For each of the last
three years, the Company estimates that direct sales make up between 33-38% of
total sales. The Company expects its sales mix to begin to favor more direct
sales in the future, especially if the Company begins to offer e-commerce as a
method for ordering the Company's products. The Company continues to evaluate
methods for selling its products via e-commerce and anticipates beginning to
offer e-commerce as a purchase method sometime during 2002. The gross margin
realized on the Company's direct sales are typically within 2-4% of those sales
realized through the Company's dealer network. However, various economic, volume
and market factors in the geographic area impact the ultimate margin.

         International sales for the Company in 2001 were down in comparison to
2000 due to continued poor economic conditions affecting the farm economy in the
Latin American/Mexico market. In 1999, the Company's German dealer began
manufacturing mid-sized bagging machines in Germany under a license from the
Company. Therefore, the Company no longer sells mid-sized machines directly to
its German dealer. Instead, the Company receives a royalty fee for each
mid-sized machine sold by its German dealer, which is recorded as other income.
In 1997, the Company formed a German joint venture in which the Company owns a
50% interest and its German dealer owns the remaining 50%. The joint venture
distributes bags to the Company's German and European dealers. The Company's
earnings from the joint venture are reported as other income and are accounted
for using the equity method. Approximately $3.3 million in bag sales were
distributed through the venture during 2001, an increase of 32%, compared to
approximately $2.5 million in bag sales for 2000.

         Gross profit as a percentage of sales declined 5.12% for the year ended
December 31, 2001 compared to the same period in 2000. The decline resulted from
lower sales volumes to cover fixed operating overheads, coupled with lower
margins on bags in certain highly competitive, high volume geographic areas. The
decline was also the result of lower overall margins on machinery as a result of
machine competition (particularly in the larger-sized bagging machines) in
certain areas of the U.S., coupled with the mix of machine models sold during
the year, which saw a 12% increase in unit sales of larger-sized bagging
machines. Larger sized bagging machines generate a lower overall margin for the
Company than its "core" small sized bagging machine. (See "Item 1.
Business - Farm Equipment and Products.")

         Selling expenses for the year ended December 31, 2001 increased 3.34%
to $3,441,197 compared to $3,329,880 for the year ended December 31, 2000. The
increase for the year was the result of increases in personnel, benefit,
commission, advertising and promotional expenses, partially offset by lower
volume discounts due to lower sales volumes for the year.

         Administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2001 increased
3.05% to $2,626,268 compared to $2,548,446 for the year ended December 31, 2000.
The increase for the year was the result of increased depreciation from the
Company's implementation of a new computer system, coupled with higher
professional fees related to ongoing litigation and increases in employee
benefit costs and insurance expenses, that were offset by the Company canceling
a discretionary matching annual benefit.

         Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2001
increased 56.96% to $213,757 compared to $136,186 for the year ended December
31, 2000. The increase for the year was the result of new research on silage and
nutritional studies of bagged feed and their effects on animal


                                       18
<PAGE>
production,  coupled with ongoing research and testing related to silage bagging
and compost machine development.

         Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2001 decreased 22.03%
to $355,686 compared to $456,158 for the year ended December 31, 2000. The
decrease for the year was the result of the Company utilizing a smaller portion
of its credit facilities and from lower interest rates on its borrowings.

         Joint venture equity and royalty income for the year ended December 31,
2001 increased 66.42% to $299,065 compared to $179,703 for the year ended
December 31, 2000. The increase for the year was the result of increased sales
from the joint venture during the year (see the international sales discussion
above) coupled with increased folding royalties, as plastic tonnage folded in
2001 by the joint venture increased approximately 46% from 2000 tonnage folded.
(See "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data".)

         The Company's effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2001
was (59%). This was due to the fact the Company incurred a net loss for the year
coupled with the recognition of research and development credits associated with
its 2001 activities. In 2001, the Company generated net general business tax
credit benefits of approximately $75,000. In 2000, the Company underwent a study
with a consulting firm to determine if costs associated with the Company's
research and development activities were eligible for research and development
tax credits in its open tax years. The Company completed the study and filed the
necessary forms for its 1996 through 1999 tax years during the year 2000,
generating net general business tax credit benefits of approximately $270,000.
Excluding the benefit of the general business tax credits, the effective income
tax rate would have been (39%) for the year ended December 31, 2001.

         Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2001 was $164,150 compared to
net income of $521,814 for the year ended December 31, 2000. The decline for the
year was the result of lower sales, lower gross profit resulting from
competition and product mix sold during the year, coupled with increased
selling, administrative and research expense, partially offset by higher income
from the Company's German joint venture and lower interest costs.


Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999
--------------------------------------

         For the year ended  December 31,  2000,  net sales  decreased  3.78% to
$31,451,150  compared to $32,686,832 for the year ended December 31, 1999. Sales
for the year  were  down as a result of record  low U.S.  milk  prices,  despite
supplemental  grain feed costs  remaining low, which helped farmers  continue to
have farm operating funds available. Additionally, competition in the silage bag
and  machine  market has  continued  to  increase  as  farmers  look to the most
economic bag or machine,  not considering overall quality,  customer service and
recycling of the used plastic  offered by the  Company.  Additionally,  with the
tightening of credit by financial  institutions  (especially in the U.S. farming
sector)  coupled  with the rising  interest  rates of 2000,  farmers have become
cautious  about  purchasing  farm  machinery and equipment  until there is clear
upward movement in U.S. milk prices.

         Machine sales for the year were down 7.87% and bag sales were down
1.10% compared to 1999. Machine sales are directly tied to farmers' income and
therefore their ability to purchase new equipment. The Company's bag and parts
sales are driven by the total number of bagging machines that are in the
marketplace. However, there is not a perfect correlation between the Company's
bag sales and machine sales, as the Company's and competitors' bags are
interchangeable on all bagging machinery in the industry. The Company cannot
estimate with any certainty the total number of machines or bags used in the
industry. In addition to compost bag sales, the Company sold twelve composting
systems during the year ended December 31, 2000 (generating approximately $1.2
million in


                                       19
<PAGE>
revenue)  compared to five  systems  sold for the year ended  December  31, 1999
(generating approximately $380,000 in revenue).

         Although the Company sells its product primarily through a worldwide
dealer network, certain sales are made directly to large volume customers when a
dealer is not present in the customer's geographic market. For each of the last
three years, the Company estimates direct sales at between 32-37% of total
sales. The Company expects its sales mix to begin to favor more direct sales in
the future, especially if the Company decides to offer e-commerce as a method of
ordering the Company's products. The Company is currently evaluating whether it
will sell via e-commerce. The gross margin realized on the Company's direct
sales are typically within 2-3% of those sales realized through the Company's
dealer network. However, various economic, volume and market factors in the
geographic area impact the ultimate margin.

         International sales for the Company in 2000 were down in comparison to
1999 due to continued poor economic conditions in the Latin American/Mexico
market. In 1999, the Company's German dealer began manufacturing mid-sized
bagging machines in Germany under a license from the Company. Therefore, the
Company no longer sells mid-sized machines directly to its German dealer.
Instead, the Company receives a royalty fee for each mid-sized machine sold by
its German dealer, which is recorded as other income. In 1997, the Company
formed a German joint venture in which the Company owns a 50% interest and its
German dealer owns the remaining 50%. The joint venture distributes bags to the
Company's German and European dealers. The Company's earnings from the joint
venture are reported as other income and are accounted for using the equity
method. Approximately $2.5 million in bag sales were distributed through the
venture during 2000, an increase of 39%, compared to approximately $1.8 million
in bag sales for 1999.

         Gross profit as a percentage of sales declined 2.11% for the year ended
December 31, 2000 compared to the same period in 1999. The decline resulted from
lower margins on bags in certain highly competitive, high volume geographic
areas. The decline was also the result of lower overall margins on machinery as
a result of machine competition (particularly in the larger-sized bagging
machines) in certain areas of the U.S., coupled with the mix of machine models
sold during the year. (See "Item 1. Business -Farm Equipment and Products.")

         Selling expenses for the year ended December 31, 2000 decreased 6.85%
to $3,329,880 compared to $3,574,830 for the year ended December 31, 1999. The
decrease for the year was the result of lower sales commissions and volume
discounts due to lower sales for the year, partially offset by increased travel
and advertising and promotional expenses.

         Administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2000 decreased
5.57% to $2,548,446 compared to $2,698,658 for the year ended December 31, 1999.
The decrease for the year was the result of lower overall general and
administrative operating overheads and professional fees related to ongoing
litigation which were offset by increases in insurance expense, employee benefit
costs and higher directors' fees.

         Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2000
decreased 57.97% to $136,186 compared to $323,997 for the year ended December
31, 1999. The decrease for the year was the result of completed research on
various projects undertaken regarding new silage and nutritional studies of
bagged feed and their effects on animal production. The Company continues its
ongoing research related to new silage and compost machine development.

         Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2000 increased 36.91%
to $456,158 in comparison to $333,170 for the year ended December 31, 1999. The
increase for the year was the result of the Company utilizing a larger portion
of its credit facilities during seasonal production periods to meet seasonal
inventory demands, coupled with higher interest rates and some extended term
sales offered during the year to remain competitive.

                                       20
<PAGE>
         The Company's effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2000
was (1%). This was primarily due to the recognition of research and development
credits. In 2000, the Company underwent a study with a consulting firm to
determine if costs associated with the Company's research and development
activities were eligible for research and development tax credits in its open
tax years. The Company completed the study and filed the necessary forms for its
1996 through 1999 tax years during the year 2000, generating net general
business tax credit benefits of approximately $270,000. Excluding the benefit of
the general business tax credits, the effective income tax rate would have been
34% for the year ended December 31, 2000.

         Net income for the year ended December 31, 2000 decreased 19.54% to
$521,814 compared to $648,571 for the year ended December 31, 1999. The decline
for the year was the result of lower sales caused by continued low U.S. milk
prices, lower gross profit from increased competition and product mix of
machinery models sold, and higher interest costs incurred, partially offset by
lower selling, administrative, research and income tax expense.


Recent Accounting Pronouncements
--------------------------------

         In 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144, "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets", No, 143, "Accounting for Asset
Retirement Obligations, No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" and No.
141 "Business Combinations". The Company's management has considered these new
statements and does not expect the application of the provisions of these
statements will have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.

         Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) 133, Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, as amended by SFAS 137,
Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities - Deferral of the
Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 133, and SFAS 138, Accounting for Certain
Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities, is effective for the
Company as of July 1, 2000. SFAS 133 requires that an entity recognize all
derivatives as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. The
accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the use of
the derivative. The Company does not believe that adoption of SFAS 133 will have
a material impact on its financial statement.

         The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued Staff Accounting
Bulletin (SAB) 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements, in December
1999. The SAB summarizes certain of the SEC staff's views in applying generally
accepted accounting principles to revenue recognition in financial statements.
In June 2000, the SEC issued SAB 101B, which delays the implementation date of
SAB 101 until no later than the fourth fiscal quarter of fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 1999. The Company does not believe that adoption of this SAB
will have a material impact on its financial statements.

         In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
FASB Interpretation (FIN) 44, Accounting for Certain Transactions involving
Stock Compensation, which clarifies the application of APB 25 for certain
issues. The interpretation is effective July 1, 2000, except for the provisions
that relate to modifications that directly or indirectly reduce the exercise
price of an award and the definition of an employee, which are effective after
December 15,1998. The Company does not believe that adoption of FIN 44 will have
a material impact on its financial statements.

                                       21
<PAGE>
Year 2000
---------

         The Company did not experience any computer system transitional
problems as a result of the Year 2000 "bug". The year 2000 transitional issues
had no material impact on the operations, cash flows or financial condition of
the Company.

Liquidity and Capital Resources
-------------------------------

         The seasonal nature of the northern hemisphere farming industry, the
production time for equipment and the time required to prepare bags for use
requires the Company to manufacture and carry high inventories to meet rapid
delivery requirements. In particular, the Company must maintain a significant
level of bags during the spring and early summer to meet the sales demands
during the harvest season. The Company uses working capital and trade credit to
increase its inventory so that it has sufficient inventory levels available to
meet its sales demands through the spring and summer.

         The Company relies on its suppliers to provide trade credit to enable
the Company to build its inventory. The Company's suppliers have provided
sufficient trade credit to meet the demand to date and management believes this
will continue. No assurance can be given that suppliers will continue to provide
sufficient trade credit in the future.

         Accounts receivable decreased 17.26% at December 31, 2001 to $2,433,842
compared to $2,941,379 at December 31, 2000. The decrease for the year was the
result of lower sales for the year coupled with increased collections of
accounts receivable during the fourth quarter resulting from customers taking
advantage of third-party incentive financing programs offered by the Company.
The Company has established adequate reserves ($203,350 at December 31, 2001
compared to $247,690 at December 31, 2000) against accounts receivable in the
event that some accounts become uncollectable.

         Inventory decreased 9.42% at December 31, 2001 to $6,695,894 compared
to $7,392,557 at December 31, 2000. The decrease in inventory resulted from the
Company's continued efforts to streamline its inventory and more closely match
its seasonal production with seasonal inventory demands.

         Other current assets increased 17.63% at December 31, 2001 to $225,544
compared to $191,738 at December 31, 2000. The increase was the result of an
increase in deposits and prepaid expenses.

         Intangible assets at December 31, 2001 decreased to $18,893 compared to
$21,506 at December 31, 2000. The decrease was the result of normal amortization
expense for the year.

         Other assets increased 20.52% at December 31, 2001 to $481,704 compared
to $399,674 at December 31, 2000. The increase for the year was the result of an
increase in the cash surrender value of life insurance policies maintained by
the Company under which it is the beneficiary.

         The Company has an operating line of credit with a limit of $5,000,000,
secured by accounts receivable, inventory, fixed asset blanket and general
intangibles, and bears interest at the bank's prime rate plus 1/4%. As of
December 31, 2001, $1,287,855 had been drawn under the credit line. Management
believes that funds generated from operations and the Company's operating line
of credit will be sufficient to meet the Company's cash requirements through
2002. The Company's line of credit is subject to annual renewal at June 30.

         On December 18, 2000, the Company entered into an agreement with
Dresdner Bank to guarantee up to 1,000,000DM ($452,903 US) as security for an
additional cash credit facility of the Company's German joint venture. There was
-0-DM outstanding under this additional cash credit facility at December 31,
2001.

                                       22
<PAGE>
         Accounts payable increased 11.01% at December 31, 2001 to $672,563
compared to $605,828 at December 31, 2000. The increase for the year was the
result of extended term payables provided by some of the Company's principal
suppliers.

         Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in total, decreased
4.68% at December 31, 2001 to $976,302 compared to $1,024,288 at December 31,
2000. The decrease in total accrued expenses and other current liabilities for
the year was the result of lower payroll costs due to seasonal staff reductions
and lower accruals due to lower sales for the year, coupled with lower warranty
accrual as a result of the Company passing more warranty costs onto its
principal suppliers.

         In 1997, the Nasdaq listing requirements were substantially expanded.
The Company does not currently qualify under the more stringent requirements
because the price at which its Common Stock is trading is below the $1 per share
minimum. The Company was formally notified on January 13, 1999, that its Common
Stock was delisted from quotation on The Nasdaq SmallCap Market for failure to
meet the new listing requirements. The Company's Common Stock is now quoted on
the OTC Bulletin Board. The removal from quotation on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market
could have a material adverse effect on the Company's ability to raise
additional equity capital in a public stock offering should that become
necessary.

         In December of 1998, the Company announced that it retained Pacific
Crest Securities and Columbia Financial Advisors, Inc. as their investment
banking representatives to explore strategic alternatives. As of December 31,
2000, this engagement was completely terminated.

Factors Affecting Forward-Looking Statements
--------------------------------------------

You should carefully consider the following factors regarding forward-looking
statements and other information included in this Annual Report. The risks and
uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks
and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial
also may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually
occur, our business, financial condition and operating results could be
materially adversely affected.

o    We are dependent on the Dairy Industry

         More than 75% of our revenues come from the dairy industry.

o    A downturn in the dairy industry could cause a reduction in our revenues.

         Our sales are highly correlated with the price of milk products and
         revenues of the dairy industry. When dairy farmers make money, they buy
         our products. When dairy farmers are not making money, our sales
         decline.

o    A sharp decline in the health of the farming sector of the U.S. economy
     could cause a reduction in our revenue.

         If a reduction in availability of credit in the farming sector occurs,
         or, interest rates begin to rise, our sales may decline as farmers will
         find it more difficult to purchase capital equipment and may become
         more cautious on incurring additional farm debt.



                                       23
<PAGE>
o    Our revenues are seasonal and dependent on weather conditions.

         Our core business is dependent on weather conditions during the harvest
         seasons in North America and Europe. Adverse weather conditions affect
         farmers' crops and reduce demand for our products. Approximately
         65%-72% of our revenue is generated in the second and third quarters.

o    We may lose one or both of the two class action lawsuits pending against
     us.

         Two class action lawsuits, both alleging antitrust violations, have
         been filed against us and others. If our efforts to dismiss or
         favorably resolve the suits fail, we could incur additional and
         significant litigation costs and experience a drain on management and
         other resources. If the plaintiffs succeed in establishing liability
         and obtain a judgment for damages, the award could exceed our entire
         net worth.

o    We may lose one or both of the two product warranty lawsuits pending
     against us.

         Two product warranty lawsuits, have been filed against us and others.
         If our efforts to dismiss or favorably resolve the suits fail, we could
         incur additional and significant litigation costs and experience a
         drain on management and other resources.

o    We may lose the alleged patent infringement lawsuit pending against us.

         An alleged patent infringement lawsuit has been filed against us. If
         our effort to dismiss or favorably resolve the suit fails, we could
         incur additional and significant litigation costs and experience a
         drain on management and other resources.

o    Our intellectual property protection may not be adequate.

         We have patents on our basic bagging machines and patents pending for
         additional machines, bags and systems for silage bagging, grain bagging
         and hay/straw bale bagging. We may not obtain these patents and our
         patents may not withstand litigation challenges. If our patents do not
         withstand litigation challenges, our rights in its bag and machine
         technology could be diminished or eliminated. Moreover, the issuance of
         patents covering any of our products may be insufficient to prevent
         competitors from duplicating our products. The patent laws of other
         countries may differ from those of the United States as to the
         patentability of our products and processes, and the degree of
         protection afforded by foreign patents may be different from that in
         the United States.

o    We rely on one principal supplier for our bags.

         We purchase nearly all of our bags from one supplier under a long-term
         requirements contract. Any disruption of the manufacturing process
         could affect that company's ability to supply our needs, and could
         adversely affect our sales.



                                       24
<PAGE>
o    Our pricing is dependent on the price of resin.

         The prices that we pay for bags, which account for approximately half
         of our annual sales, are fixed annually in advance and are tied
         directly to the price of resin. Resin prices have historically been
         subject to significant price volatility. Increases in the price of bags
         could adversely affect our profit margins if we are unable to pass
         along the price increase, and would likely affect our revenues if
         alternatives to our product become more attractive because of the price
         increases.

o    Our stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, which may make the stock
     more difficult to sell.

         We no longer satisfy the criteria for continued quotation on The Nasdaq
         SmallCap Market. Our stock is, instead, quoted on the OTC Bulletin
         Board. As a result, our shareholders may find it more difficult to
         dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of,
         our common stock, and the market price for our common stock may
         decline. Trading in our common stock is subject to the requirements of
         Rule 15g-9 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under
         this rule, broker/dealers who recommend low-priced securities to
         persons other than established customers and accredited investors must
         satisfy special sales practice requirements, including a requirement
         that they make an individualized written suitability determination for
         the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written consent prior to the
         transaction. The Securities Enforcement Remedies and Penny Stock Reform
         Act of 1990 also requires additional disclosure in connection with any
         trades involving a stock defined as a penny stock (generally any equity
         security not traded on an exchange or quoted on Nasdaq that has a
         market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain
         exceptions), including the delivery, prior to any penny stock
         transaction, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market
         and the risks associated with the penny stock market. These
         requirements could severely limit the market liquidity of our common
         stock and the ability of our shareholders to dispose of their shares,
         particularly in a declining market.


Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
--------------------------------------------------------------------

      The Company does not invest in market risk sensitive instruments.

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplemental Data
---------------------------------------------------

      Reference is made to the financial statements and related notes and
supplemental data under Item 14 filed with this report.

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Financial Disclosure
--------------------


      None.




                                       25
<PAGE>
                                    PART III

Items 10 and 11.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant and
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Executive Compensation
----------------------

      A definitive proxy statement for the 2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
of Ag-Bag International Limited to be held on June 3, 2002 will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of
the Company's fiscal year ("Proxy Statement"). The information set forth in the
Proxy Statement under "Election of Directors," "Executive Compensation," and
"Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" is incorporated herein
by reference. Executive officers of Ag-Bag International Limited are listed
under the heading "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in this Form 10-K.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Information required is set forth under the caption "Security Ownership of
Beneficial Owners" in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by
reference.


Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
--------------------------------------------------------

      Information required is set forth under the caption "Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions" in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by
reference.






























                                       26
<PAGE>
                                     PART IV
                                     -------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K

    (a)  The following documents are filed as part of this report:
                                                                                                               Page

<S>                                                                                              <C>
         1.   Index to Financial Statements.....................................................    29

              Independent Auditor's Report......................................................   F-1

              Balance Sheets at December 31, 2001 and 2000......................................   F-2

              Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended
                  December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999..............................................   F-4

              Statement of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended
                  December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999..............................................   F-5

              Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
                  2001, 2000 and 1999...........................................................   F-6

              Notes to Financial Statements.....................................................   F-7

         2.   Financial statement schedules required to be filed by Item 8 and paragraph (d)
                  of this Item 14:

              Independent Auditor's Report on Supplemental Information..........................  F-24

              Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts.....................................  F-25

              Audited Financial Statements of BAW group as of December 31, 2001.................  F-26
                  (Considered a significant 50% owned equity investee as defined
                   under SEC Regulation S-X 3-09)


              All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or
                  the required information is shown in the financial statements
                  or notes thereto.

         3.   The exhibits are listed in the index of exhibits..................................    31

    (b)       No reports on Form 8-K were required to be filed during the last
              quarter of the period covered by this report.

</TABLE>











                                       27
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES
                                   ----------

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                  AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED,
                                  a Delaware corporation

Date: March 15, 2002              By:  \s\ Larry R. Inman
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                        Larry R. Inman, Chief Executive Officer
                                        and President

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


Date: March 15, 2002              By:  \s\ Larry R. Inman
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                        Larry R. Inman, Chief Executive Officer;
                                        President, Director and Chairman of the
                                        Board(Principal Executive Officer)

Date: March 15, 2002              By:  \s\ Michael R. Wallis
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                        Michael R. Wallis, Chief Financial
                                        Officer and Vice President, Finance
                                        (Principal Financial and Accounting
                                        Officer)

Date: March 15, 2002              By:  \s\ Lemuel E. Cunningham
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                        Lemuel E. Cunningham, Director

Date: March 15, 2002              By:  \s\ Michael W. Foster
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                        Michael W. Foster, Director

Date: March 15, 2002              By:  \s\ Jim DeMatteo
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                        Jim DeMatteo, Director

Date: March 15, 2002              By:  \s\ Arthur P. Schuette
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                        Arthur P. Schuette, Director

Date: March 15, 2002              By:  \s\ Udo Weber
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                        Udo Weber, Director





                                       28
<PAGE>
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS



                                                                       Page

AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

Independent Auditor's Report                                            F-1

Financial Information

     Balance Sheets                                                     F-2

     Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income                      F-4

     Statements of Shareholders' Equity                                 F-5

     Statements of Cash Flows                                           F-6

     Notes to Financial Statements                                      F-7

Supplemental Information

     Independent Auditor's Report on Supplemental Information           F-24

     Valuation and Qualifying Accounts                                  F-25



BAW

Independent Auditor's Report                                            F-26
Balance sheet at December 31, 2001                                      F-27

Profit and loss account at December 31, 2001                            F-29

A.       Mandate and execution of the mandate                           F-30

B.       Voluntary group accounts                                       F-30

C.       Legal structure of the group                                   F-30




                                       29
<PAGE>
D.       Group accounts as of December 31, 2001                         F-31

E.       Audit Certificate                                              F-38

F.       Explanatory notes                                              F-39

G.       Reconciliation of German GAAP to U.S. GAAP                     F-53

Exhibit I - Composition and development of tangible assets              F-54

Exhibit 2 - Deutche Mark exchange rate table                            F-55

























                                       30
<PAGE>
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Ag-Bag International Limited

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Ag-Bag International Limited
as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the related statements of income and
comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years
in the three-year period ended December 31, 2001. These financial statements are
the responsibility of the company's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Ag-Bag International Limited as
of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2001, in
conformity with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America.






\s\ Moss Adams LLP
Portland, Oregon
February 20, 2002




                                      F-1
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
BALANCE SHEETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                     ASSETS

                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                             --------------------------------------
                                                                                    2001                2000
                                                                             ------------------  ------------------

<S>                                                                          <C>                 <C>
CURRENT ASSETS
     Cash                                                                    $          164,526  $           23,894
     Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful
        accounts of $203,350 and $247,690 at 2001
        and 2000, respectively                                                        2,433,842           2,941,379
     Inventories                                                                      6,695,894           7,392,557
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                          225,544             191,738
     Deferred income taxes                                                              275,000             209,000
                                                                             ------------------  ------------------

         Total current assets                                                         9,794,806          10,758,568
                                                                             ------------------  ------------------

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, net                                                    4,227,852           4,346,141
                                                                             ------------------  ------------------

OTHER ASSETS
     Deferred income taxes                                                              200,000              59,000
     Intangible assets, net                                                              18,893              21,506
     BAW Joint-venture                                                                  272,938             141,738
     Other assets                                                                       481,704             399,674
                                                                             ------------------  ------------------

         Total other assets                                                             973,535             621,918
                                                                             ------------------  ------------------

TOTAL ASSETS                                                                 $       14,996,193  $       15,726,627
                                                                             ==================  ==================





















                                      F-2
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
BALANCE SHEETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



                      LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                             --------------------------------------
                                                                                    2001                2000
                                                                             ------------------  ------------------

CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Bank line of credit                                                     $        1,287,855  $        1,224,638
     Current portion of long-term debt and capital
        lease obligations                                                               402,477             341,221
     Accounts payable                                                                   672,563             605,828
     Accrued payroll and payroll taxes                                                  420,477             451,042
     Dealer deposits                                                                     82,234              49,100
     Warranty reserve                                                                   124,482             190,162
     Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                                     349,109             333,984
     Income taxes payable                                                                     -             175,130
                                                                             ------------------  ------------------

         Total current liabilities                                                    3,339,197           3,371,105
                                                                             ------------------  ------------------

NONCURRENT LIABILITIES
     Long-term debt and capital lease obligations,
        less current portion                                                          1,822,212           2,265,928
                                                                             ------------------  ------------------


         Total liabilities                                                            5,161,409           5,637,033
                                                                             ------------------  ------------------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (see Note 13)

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
     Preferred stock, $4 liquidation value per share, 8.5% cumulative
        dividend, nonvoting, 5,000,000 shares authorized,
        174,000 shares issued and outstanding                                           696,000             696,000
     Common stock, $.01 par value, 25,000,000 shares
        authorized, 12,061,991 shares issued                                            120,619             120,619
     Additional paid-in capital                                                       9,210,211           9,210,211
     Treasury stock                                                                     (31,500)                  -
     Retained earnings (deficit)                                                       (160,546)             62,764
                                                                             ------------------- ------------------

         Total shareholders' equity                                                   9,834,784          10,089,594
                                                                             ------------------  ------------------

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                                   $       14,996,193  $       15,726,627
                                                                             ==================  ==================
</TABLE>


See accompanying notes.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      F-3
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                              Years Ended December 31,
                                                                ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                      2001             2000              1999
                                                                ----------------  ---------------  ----------------
<S>                                                             <C>               <C>              <C>
NET SALES                                                       $     28,708,233  $    31,451,150  $     32,686,832
COST OF SALES                                                         22,947,604       24,799,690        25,084,577
                                                                ----------------  ---------------  ----------------

     Gross profit from operations                                      5,760,629        6,651,460         7,602,255

OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES
     Selling expenses                                                  3,441,197        3,329,880         3,574,830
     Administrative expenses                                           2,626,268        2,548,446         2,698,658
     Research and development expenses                                   213,757          136,186           323,997
                                                                ----------------  ---------------  ----------------


     Income (loss) from operations                                      (520,593)         636,948         1,004,770

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)
     Interest income                                                      30,714           42,996             7,185
     Interest expense                                                   (355,686)        (456,158)         (333,170)
     Joint venture equity and royalties                                  299,065          179,703           134,402
     Other                                                               149,283          110,325           162,384
                                                                ----------------  ---------------  ----------------

Income (loss) before income taxes                                       (397,217)         513,814           975,571

Provision (benefit) for income taxes                                    (233,067)          (8,000)          327,000
                                                                ----------------- ---------------- ----------------

NET INCOME (LOSS) AND

  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)                                   $       (164,150) $       521,814  $        648,571
                                                                ================= ===============  ================


Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share            $         (0.02)  $          0.04  $          0.05
                                                                ================  ===============  ===============

Basic and diluted weighted average common
   shares outstanding                                                 12,001,868       12,061,991        12,061,991
                                                                ================  ===============  ================

</TABLE>










See accompanying notes.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      F-4
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



                             Preferred Stock        Common Stock           Treasury Stock      Additional  Retained       Total
                            ------------------ ----------------------- -----------------------   paid-in    earnings  shareholders'
                             Shares   Amount     Shares      Amount      Shares      Amount      capital   (deficit)      equity
                            -------- --------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- -------------

<S>                          <C>     <C>       <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>          <C>
Balance, December 31, 1998   174,000 $696,000  12,061,991   $ 120,619           -          -  $9,210,211  $(989,301)   $9,037,529

Preferred stock dividends                                                                                   (59,160)      (59,160)
Net Income                                                                                                  648,571       648,571
                            -------- --------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- -------------

Balance, December 31, 1999   174,000  696,000  12,061,991     120,619           -          -   9,210,211   (399,890)    9,626,940

Preferred stock dividends                                                                                   (59,160)      (59,160)
Net Income                                                                                                  521,814       521,814
                            -------- --------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- -------------

Balance, December 31, 2000   174,000  696,000  12,061,991     120,619           -          -  9,210,211      62,764    10,089,594

Purchase of common stock                                                  105,000    (31,500)                             (31,500)
Preferred stock dividends                                                                                   (59,160)      (59,160)
Net loss                                                                                                   (164,150)     (164,150)
                            -------- --------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- -------------

Balance, December 31, 2001   174,000 $696,000  12,061,991  $  120,619     105,000  $  (31,500) $9,210,211 $ (160,546) $ 9,834,784
                            ======== ========= =========== =========== =========== =========== ========== =========== =============

</TABLE>






















See accompanying notes.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      F-5

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                                              Years Ended December 31,
                                                                ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                      2001             2000              1999
                                                                ----------------  ---------------  ----------------

<S>                                                             <C>               <C>              <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
     Net income (loss)                                          $       (164,150) $       521,814  $        648,571
     Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
        cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
         Depreciation and amortization                                   762,390          612,845           565,322
         Inventory write-down and obsolescence                            77,500          256,000           346,500
         (Gain) loss on disposition of equipment                           8,648             (100)            3,239
         Deferred income taxes                                          (207,000)        (154,000)          221,000
         Equity in joint venture earnings                               (131,200)         (65,000)          (24,239)

     Change in assets and liabilities:
         Accounts receivable                                             507,537       (1,065,602)          458,135
         Inventories                                                     397,528         (452,248)       (1,798,281)
         Prepaid expenses and other current assets                       (33,806)         113,551           155,403
         Other assets                                                    (82,030)         (82,443)           29,695
         Accounts payable                                                 66,735         (528,166)          302,072
         Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                  (47,986)        (271,457)          (24,265)
         Income taxes payable                                           (175,130)         162,478           (26,984)
                                                                ----------------- ---------------  -----------------

         Net cash from operating activities                              979,036         (952,328)          856,168
                                                                ----------------  ---------------- ----------------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
     Capital expenditures                                               (427,984)        (330,208)         (484,267)
     Construction in progress                                                  -         (482,199)          (78,682)
     Acquisition of intangible assets                                     (4,267)               -                 -
     Proceeds from disposition of equipment                                3,750            3,000             8,500
                                                                ----------------  ---------------  ----------------


         Net cash from investing activities                             (428,501)        (809,407)         (554,449)
                                                                ----------------- ---------------- -----------------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
     Proceeds from line of credit                                     13,068,243       11,749,880        22,902,233
     Principal payments on line of credit                            (13,005,026)     (10,525,242)      (22,902,233)
     Proceeds on issuance of debt                                              -          500,000           286,752
     Principal payments on debt                                         (382,460)        (385,236)         (361,443)
     Payment of shareholders' notes                                            -           (6,523)          (17,572)
     Purchase of common stock                                            (31,500)               -                 -
     Dividends paid                                                      (59,160)         (59,160)          (59,160)
                                                                ----------------- ---------------- -----------------

         Net cash from financing activities                             (409,903)       1,273,719          (151,423)
                                                                ----------------- ---------------  -----------------

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH                                          140,632         (488,016)          150,296

CASH, beginning of year                                                   23,894          511,910           361,614
                                                                ----------------  ---------------  ----------------

CASH, end of year                                               $        164,526  $        23,894  $        511,910
                                                                ================  ===============  ================
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      F-6
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 -  DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Description of business - Ag-Bag International Limited (the Company) is a
Delaware corporation. The Company's primary operations include the manufacturing
and sale of machines and related bags used in the agriculture industry to store
feed for livestock, grain and other products. The Company also manufactures
machines and bags for composting. The Company's primary market is North America;
however, it sells products worldwide.

The Company's common stock began trading publicly on January 17, 1990, and was
approved for quotation on Nasdaq on April 24, 1990, under the symbol "AGBG." In
1997, the Nasdaq listing requirements were substantially expanded. The Company
does not currently qualify under the more stringent requirements because the
price at which its common stock is trading is below the $1 per share minimum bid
price. The Company was formally notified on January 13, 1999, that its common
stock was delisted from quotation on the Nasdaq inter-dealer quotation system
for failure to meet the new listing requirements. The Company's common stock is
now traded on the OTC Bulletin Board.

Statements of cash flows - For purposes of the statements of cash flows, the
Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of
three months or less to be cash equivalents.

The Company transferred $476,214, $139,432, and $71,236 in 2001, 2000, and 1999,
respectively, from rental equipment to inventory held for sale. In 2001 and
2000, the Company transferred $697,849 and $111,863, respectively, from
inventory held for sale to rental equipment.

Accounts receivable - Accounts receivable are from distributors and customers of
the Company's products. The Company performs periodic credit evaluations of its
customers and maintains allowances for potential credit losses. Also, to reduce
the risk of credit loss, the Company requires letters of credit from foreign
customers with which no credit history has been established.

Inventories - Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market (net
realizable value). The Company determines cost on the first-in, first-out (FIFO)
basis. The Company's estimates of market value incorporate projections of future
sales volume by product class. In estimating the market value of parts inventory
items, the Company reviews current inventory levels in relation to sales
forecasts and adjusts the valuation reserve accordingly. For the remaining
categories of inventory, the Company establishes a reserve balance based on the
aging of the specific inventory items.

                                      F-7
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES - (continued)

Property, plant, and equipment - Property, plant and equipment are stated at
cost and are depreciated on the straight-line method over their estimated useful
lives which range from five to seven years for equipment and twenty to thirty
years for buildings.

Expenditures for additions and major improvements are capitalized. Expenditures
for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred.

Intangible assets - Intangible assets consist of licenses and patents. The cost
of the licenses and patents are amortized over the lesser of the terms of the
related agreement or the estimated useful lives of the respective asset, ranging
from three to twelve years.

Revenue recognition - Revenue is recognized when all of the following have taken
place.  The  customer  has  placed  an order for the  product,  the  product  is
delivered or shipped to the customer,  the sales price has been  determined  and
collection  is  reasonably  assured.  The Company  includes  revenues  earned on
shipping  costs  billed to customers  in Net Sales.  Costs to ship  products are
included in Cost of Sales.

Warranty - At the time of sale, the Company accrues a liability for the
estimated future costs to be incurred under the provisions of its warranty
agreements.

Stock option plan - The Company applies Accounting Principles Board (APB)
Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees," and related
interpretations in accounting for its stock option plan. Accordingly,
compensation expense related to grants to employees would be recorded on the
date of grant only if the current market price of the underlying stock exceeded
the exercise price. Had compensation cost for the Company's stock option plan
been determined based upon the fair value at grant date for awards under the
plan consistent with the methodology prescribed under Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation,"
additional compensation expense would have been recognized as described in Note
10.

Income taxes - The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and
liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their
respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Valuation
allowances are established to reduce potential deferred tax assets when it is
more likely than not that all or some portion of potential deferred tax assets
will not be realized.


                                      F-8
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1       - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES - (continued)

Advertising costs - The Company expenses advertising costs as they are incurred.
Advertising expenses for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999 were
$573,945, $532,573, and $466,270, respectively.

Net income per common share - In February 1997, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS)
No. 128, "Earnings per Share." SFAS No. 128 establishes standards for computing
and presenting earnings per share (EPS). It simplifies the standards in APB No.
15 (Earnings per Share) for computing EPS by replacing primary EPS with basic
EPS and altering the calculation of diluted EPS, which replaces fully diluted
EPS.

Basic net income per share is calculated using the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding during each year. Preferred stock dividends were
considered in the computation. The calculation of diluted net income per share
excludes the effect of potentially dilutive common stock equivalents because
their impact, when calculated using the Treasury stock method, is antidilutive.

Segment information - The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
SFAS No. 131, "Disclosure about Segments of an Enterprise and Related
Information," which establishes annual and interim reporting standards for an
enterprise's operating segments and related disclosures about its products,
services, geographic areas and major customers. The Company has analyzed the
reporting requirements of the standard and has determined that its operations
are within a single operating segment.

Disclosure of fair value of financial instruments - The carrying amounts of
financial instruments including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable,
and accounts payable approximated fair value as of December 31, 2001 and 2000
because of the relatively short maturity of these instruments. The carrying
value of notes payable approximated fair value as of December 31, 2001 and 2000
based upon interest rates and terms available for the same or similar loans.

Management estimates - The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Reclassifications - Certain reclassifications have been made to the 2000
financial statements to conform with the 2001 presentation.

                                      F-9

<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES - (continued)

Recently issued accounting standards - The Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) has recently issued statements relating to impairment of long-lived
assets, asset retirement obligations, business combinations, goodwill and other
intangible assets. The Company's management has considered these new statements
and does not expect the application of the provisions of these statements will
have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.

NOTE 2  - INVENTORIES

Inventories consist of the following:
                                                       December 31
                                         --------------------------------------
                                                2001                2000
                                         ------------------  ------------------

     Parts and subassembly               $        2,565,876  $        2,462,987
     Work in process and raw materials            1,275,202           1,056,673
     Machines                                     1,655,157           2,092,610
     Bags and other finished goods                1,199,659           1,780,287
                                         ------------------  ------------------
                                         $        6,695,894  $        7,392,557
                                         ==================  ==================


NOTE 3  - INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET

Intangible assets, net, consist of the following:
                                                       December 31
                                         --------------------------------------
                                                2001                2000
                                         ------------------  ------------------

     License and patent costs            $          617,113  $          612,845

     Less accumulated amortization                  598,220             591,339
                                         ------------------  ------------------

                                         $           18,893  $           21,506
                                         ==================  ==================


Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999, was
$6,880, $14,056, and $19,392, respectively.









F-10
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


NOTE 4 - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Property, plant and equipment, consist of the following:

                                                                      December 31
                                                         -------------------------------------
                                                               2001                2000
                                                         -----------------  ------------------

<S>                                                      <C>                <C>
     Land                                                $         160,826  $          160,826
     Buildings                                                   2,853,400           2,850,270
     Vehicles                                                      353,928             353,928
     Office furniture, fixtures and equipment                    2,263,420           1,847,346
     Plant equipment                                             3,468,013           3,224,736
     Rental equipment                                              507,656             364,483
     Leasehold improvements                                         70,014              70,014
                                                         -----------------  ------------------

                                                                 9,677,257           8,871,603

     Construction in progress                                            -             482,199

     Less accumulated depreciation and amortization             (5,449,405)         (5,007,661)
                                                         ------------------ -------------------

                                                         $       4,227,852  $        4,346,141
                                                         =================  ==================
</TABLE>

Certain property, plant and equipment serve as collateral for short- and
long-term debt obligations. The Company leases certain assets under capital
lease agreements. At December 31, 2001 and 2000, gross amount of equipment under
lease was $84,622 and $144,287, respectively. Accumulated depreciation related
to those capital leases was $73,984 and $105,785 at December 31, 2001 and 2000,
respectively.

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999 was
$755,510, $598,789, and $545,930, respectively.


NOTE 5 - LINE OF CREDIT

The Company has an operating line of credit (LOC) with a bank for up to
$5,000,000 at December 31, 2001 and 2000. The line of credit is secured by
accounts receivable, inventories, fixed asset blanket and general intangibles,
and bears interest at the bank's prime rate plus 1/4% at December 31, 2001 and
prime rate plus 1/2% at December 31, 2000 (5.0% at December 31, 2001 and 10.0%
at December 31, 2000). As of December 31, 2001 and 2000, $1,287,855 and
$1,224,638 were outstanding under the operating line of credit. The line of
credit is subject to certain net worth and EBITDA covenants, and an annual
capital expenditure limit.


                                      F-11
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 6 - LONG-TERM DEBT AND CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Long-term debt is comprised of the following:
                                                                       December 31
                                                         --------------------------------------
                                                                2001                2000
                                                         ------------------  ------------------

<S>                                                      <C>                 <C>
Note  payable in monthly  installments  of $2,436,
including  interest at 8.32%,  through  July 2005,
secured by certain equipment, office furniture and
fixtures  and  personal   guarantees   of  certain
shareholders,  subordinate  to  building  loan and
certain equipment loans                                  $           90,291  $          111,058

Note   payable,   monthly   payments   of  $6,724,
including   interest  at  9%  through  July  2017,
secured by real property                                            670,976             689,200

Note  payable in monthly  installments  of $4,650,
including  interest at 6.7% through November 2017,
secured by real property                                            545,136             563,883

Note payable in monthly principal  installments of
$5,833, plus interest at prime plus .75% (5.50% at
December 31, 2001 and 10.25% at December 31, 2000)
through April 2003, secured by fixed asset blanket                   93,333             163,333

Note  payable in monthly  installments  of $8,333,
plus  interest  at  8.38%  through  January  2006,
secured by certain equipment                                        408,333             500,000

Note  payable  with the City of  Blair,  Nebraska,
with  monthly  installments  of $6,607,  including
interest at 3% through September 2004,  secured by
Blair plant and equipment                                           209,018             280,855

















                                      F-12
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 6  - LONG-TERM DEBT AND CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS - (CONTINUED)

                                                                       December 31
                                                         --------------------------------------
                                                                2001                2000
                                                         ------------------  ------------------
Note  payable in monthly  installments  of $3,105,
including interest at 8.75% through December 2004,
secured by certain equipment                                         97,827             125,083
                                                         ------------------  ------------------


                                                                  2,114,914           2,433,412

     Less:  Current portion                                         335,385             274,321
                                                         ------------------  ------------------
                                                         $        1,779,529  $        2,159,091
                                                         ==================  ==================
</TABLE>

Future maturities of long-term debt and capital lease obligations are summarized
as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                             Capital lease obligations
                                                  Long-term     ---------------------------------------------------
                                               debt excluding       Minimum            Amount
                                                capital lease        lease         representing
                                                 obligations        payments          interest          Principal
                                               ---------------  ----------------  ---------------  ----------------

<S>                                             <C>             <C>               <C>              <C>
Year ending December 31, 2002                   $      335,385  $         73,188  $         6,096  $         67,092
                         2003                          299,071            44,517            1,834            42,683
                         2004                          267,011                 -                -                 -
                         2005                          170,130                 -                -                 -
                         2006                           63,322                 -                -                 -
                   Thereafter                          979,995                 -                -                 -
                                               ---------------  ----------------  ---------------  ----------------

                                               $     2,114,914  $        117,705  $         7,930  $        109,775
                                               ===============  ================  ===============  ================
</TABLE>


NOTE 7 - NOTE PAYABLE TO SHAREHOLDER AND RELATED PARTY

The Company had a note payable to a shareholder of the Company. The note
included interest at 10% and required monthly principal and interest payments of
$1,600 through April 30, 2000, at which time the note was paid off. Interest
expense related to shareholders and related parties amounted to $135 and $1,628
in 2000 and 1999, respectively.



                                      F-13
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 8 - INCOME TAXES

The provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Year ended December 31,
                                                          ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2001                2000                1999
                                                          -----------------  ------------------  ------------------

<S>                                                       <C>                <C>                 <C>
     Current:
         Federal                                          $               -   $         226,000  $          369,000
         Net operating loss utilized                                      -                   -            (263,000)
         Suspended general business credits utilized                (27,150)                  -                   -
         General business credits utilized                                -             (82,000)                  -
         State                                                        1,083              16,000              25,000
         Net operating loss utilized                                      -             (14,000)            (25,000)
                                                          -----------------  ------------------- -------------------

                                                                    (26,067)            146,000             106,000
                                                          ------------------ ------------------  ------------------

     Deferred:
         Federal                                                   (195,000)           (164,000)            196,000
         State                                                      (12,000)             10,000              25,000
                                                          ------------------ ------------------  ------------------

                                                                   (207,000)           (154,000)            221,000
                                                          ------------------ ------------------- ------------------

              Total income tax expense (benefit)          $        (233,067) $           (8,000) $          327,000
                                                          ================== =================== ==================
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:
                                                                                           December 31
                                                                             --------------------------------------
                                                                                    2001                2000
                                                                             ------------------  ------------------
<S>                                                                          <C>                 <C>
     State net operating loss carryforward                                   $           80,000  $           66,000
     Federal net operating loss carryforward                                            169,000                   -
     General business credit carryforward                                               243,000             212,000
     Alternative minimum tax credit carryforward                                         21,000                   -
     Capital loss carryforward                                                          135,632             135,632
     Expenses not currently deductible                                                   73,000             112,000
                                                                             ------------------  ------------------
              Gross deferred tax asset                                                  721,632             525,632

     Valuation allowance                                                               (135,632)           (135,632)
                                                                             ------------------- -------------------
              Net deferred tax asset                                                    586,000             390,000

     Gross deferred tax liability, primarily
         due to differences in depreciation                                            (111,000)           (122,000)
                                                                             ------------------- -------------------

              Net deferred tax asset                                         $          475,000  $          268,000
                                                                              =================  ==================
</TABLE>
                                      F-14
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 8 - INCOME TAXES - (CONTINUED)

At December 31, 2001, the Company had a federal net operating loss of
approximately $497,000 that is available to offset future federal taxable income
through 2021.

At December 31, 2001, the Company has research tax credit carryforwards for
federal income tax purposes of approximately $243,000 that are available to
offset future federal income. These credits can be carried forward through 2021.
The Company has a gross capital loss carryforward of $886,431 available to
offset future capital gains through 2002.

The provision for income taxes differs from the amount of income tax determined
by applying the applicable U.S. statutory federal income tax rate to pretax
income as a result of the following differences:

                                             2001     2000    1999
                                            ------   ------  ------

     Statutory federal income tax rate       (34%)     34%     34%
     General business credits                (20)     (35)      -
     Nondeductible and non-taxable items      (2)       1       2
     Other                                    (3)      (1)     (2)
                                            ------   ------  ------

     Effective tax rates                     (59%)     (1%)    34%
                                            ======   ======  ======

The Company underwent a study with a consulting firm to determine if costs
associated with the Company's research and development activities were eligible
for research and development tax credits in its open tax years. The Company
completed the study and filed the necessary forms for its 1996 through 1999 tax
years during the year 2000 generating net tax credit benefits of approximately
$270,000.

NOTE 9 - SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES REGARDING CASH FLOWS

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
                                             Year ended December 31
                                    ----------------------------------------
                                        2001          2000          1999
                                    ------------  ------------  ------------

     Cash paid during year for:
         Interest                   $    355,686  $    456,158  $    333,170
         Income taxes               $     90,800  $     10,516  $    145,084


                                      F-15
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 10 - SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Treasury stock - During 2001, the Company repurchased 105,000 shares of its
common stock from a retiring director for $31,500.

Preferred stock - The Preferred Stock is redeemable solely at the option of the
Company. The Company maintains life insurance on the owner of the Preferred
Stock and, in the event of the stockholder's death, currently intends to use the
proceeds of that insurance to redeem all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.

Stock awards - The Company has a 1991 Employee Stock Plan (the Plan) and has
reserved 133,575 shares of common stock for issuance under the Plan. Under terms
of the Plan, stock is awarded to employees at the sole discretion of the Board
of Directors. No awards were granted under the Plan for 2001, 2000, and 1999. At
December 31, 2001, there were 125,335 shares available for grant under the
Employee Stock Plan.

Common stock options - The Company has an Incentive Stock Option Plan (the
Incentive Plan) and has reserved 185,000 shares of common stock for issuance
under the Incentive Plan. Options under the Incentive Plan are issuable to
officers and employees of the Company and all option grants will be at the
market value of the stock at the date of grant. Vesting of stock options is
determined for each grant by the Board of Directors. At December 31, 2001, there
were 145,000 shares available for grant under the Incentive Stock Option Plan.

During 1996, the Company adopted a Non-employee Director Stock Option Plan ( the
Director Plan) and has reserved 1,000,000 shares of common stock for issuance
under the Director Plan. The Director Plan grants 50,000 options to each member
of the Board of Directors who is not an employee of the Company. Forty percent
of the 50,000 options vest and become exercisable six months after the grant
date, another 40% of the options vest and become exercisable two years after the
grant date, and the remaining portion of the options vest and become exercisable
three years after the grant date. Beginning with the annual meeting in 2000,
those directors who have served a three (3) year period, receive an annual grant
of 10,000 options which become exercisable six months after the grant date. At
December 31, 2001, there were 610,000 shares available for grant under the
Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan.
















                                      F-16
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 10 - SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY - (CONTINUED)

The Company has computed, for pro forma disclosure purposes, the value of all
options granted during 2001 and 2000, using the Black-Scholes pricing model as
prescribed under SFAS 123. The following assumptions were made for grants in
2001 and 2000: risk-free interest rate of 4.41% and 6.10% respectively, expected
life of seven years and three years respectively, and dividend rate of zero
percent. For 2001 and 2000, the expected volatility over the expected lives of
the grants was assumed to be 7.8% and 7.5% respectively. The weighted average
fair value of the options granted was estimated to be $.34 in 2001 and $.29 in
2000.

If the Company had accounted for the value of the options granted during 2001,
2000, and 1999, in accordance with SFAS No. 123, the Company's net income would
have been reduced to the pro forma amounts indicated below:

                                     2001          2000          1999
                                    ------------  ------------  ------------

     Net income (loss):
         As reported                $   (164,150) $    521,814  $    648,571
         Pro forma                  $   (178,023) $    510,023  $    618,739

     Net income (loss) per share:
         As reported                       (.02)           .04           .05
         Pro forma                         (.02)           .04           .05

The resulting pro forma compensation costs may not be representative of that
expected in future years.



























                                      F-17
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 10 - SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY - (CONTINUED)

Transactions and other information relating to the Company's stock option plans
for the three years ended December 31, 2001, are summarized as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 The Incentive Plan          The Director Plan
                                              ---------------------------- ----------------------------
                                                                Weighted                    Weighted
                                                                Average                     Average
                                                                Exercise                    Exercise      Combined
                                                  Shares         Price        Shares         Price         Shares
                                              ---------------- ----------- --------------- ------------- -----------
<S>                                           <C>              <C>         <C>             <C>           <C>
Options outstanding at December 31, 1998             86,788    $    0.97        350,000    $    0.99        436,788

Options expired                                     (10,000)   $    0.69              -    $       -        (10,000)
                                              ----------------             ---------------               -----------
                                                     76,788    $    1.01        350,000    $    0.99        426,788
Options outstanding at December 31, 1999

Options granted                                           -    $      -          50,000    $    0.39         50,000

Options expired                                      (6,788)   $    1.03        (50,000)   $    1.06        (56,788)
                                              ----------------             ---------------               -----------
                                                     70,000    $    1.00        350,000    $    0.91        420,000
Options outstanding at December 31, 2000

Options granted                                      20,000    $    0.33         40,000    $    0.35         60,000

Options expired                                     (50,000)   $    1.06              -    $       -        (50,000)
                                              ----------------             ---------------               -----------
                                                     40,000    $    0.60        390,000    $    0.84        430,000
Options outstanding at December 31, 2001
                                              ================            ================            ==============


Options exercisable at December 31, 1999             76,788    $    1.01       350,000     $     0.99       426,788
                                              ================            ================            ==============
                                                     70,000    $    1.00       350,000     $     0.91       420,000
Options exercisable at December 31, 2000
                                              ================            ================            ==============
                                                     40,000    $    0.60       390,000     $     0.84       430,000
Options exercisable at December 31, 2001
                                              ================            ================            ==============
</TABLE>










                                      F-18
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 10 - SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY - (CONTINUED)

At December 31, 2001, the Company had outstanding options for the purchase of
430,000 shares of common stock as follows:
                                                           Average
               Number of Options      Price Range      Remaining Life
               -----------------      -----------      --------------
               260,000 options        $1.00-$1.06            5 years
                60,000 options        $0.56-$0.69            1 year
               110,000 options        $0.33-$0.39            7 years


NOTE 11 - FOREIGN SALES ACTIVITY

Export sales from the Company's United States operations are as follows:

                                         Year Ended December 31
                               ----------------------------------------
                                   2001          2000          1999
                               ------------  ------------  ------------

     Latin America/Mexico      $     88,864  $    194,947  $    259,825
     Canada                       1,030,174     1,280,096     1,888,781
     Germany                        444,767       441,188       495,049
     Other                          248,183       109,272       161,689
                               ------------  ------------  ------------

                               $  1,811,988  $  2,025,503  $  2,805,344
                               ============  ============  ============


























                                      F-19
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 12 - BAW JOINT-VENTURE

On February 27, 1997, the Company entered into a Joint Venture Agreement with
Budissa Agroservice Gesellschaft and formed BAW (Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
und Warenhandels). The Company has a 50% interest in BAW which is accounted for
under the equity method. BAW folds and distributes silage bags throughout
Europe.

                                                   2001          2000
                                             --------------  -------------

         Investment, beginning of year       $      141,738  $      76,738

         Share of income for the year               131,200         65,000
                                             --------------  -------------

         Investment, end of year             $      272,938  $     141,738
                                             ==============  =============




On February 27, 1997, BAW also entered into a lease agreement with Ag-Bag
International Limited for the use of a folding machine. Royalties are earned by
the Company based upon the poundage folded by BAW. In 2001, 2000, and 1999
income from this agreement was $168,000, $115,000 and $110,000, respectively.

On December 18, 2000, Ag-Bag International Limited entered into an agreement
with Dresdner Bank to guarantee up to 1,000,000DM ($452,903 US) as security for
an additional cash credit facility of BAW. There was -0-DM outstanding under
this additional cash credit facility at December 31, 2001 and 2000 guaranteed by
the Company.























                                      F-20
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 12 - BAW JOINT-VENTURE  - (CONTINUED)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Condensed financial statements for the Company's BAW Joint Venture in Germany are as follows:
                                                                        (Dollars in 000's)
                                                                   Year Ended December 31
                                                                   ----------------------
                                                                  2001              2000             1999
                                                                  ----              ----             ----
<S>                                                           <C>               <C>              <C>
         Current assets                                       $    967          $    604         $    314
         Property, plant & equipment (net)                         707               262              343
         Other assets                                               18                10               21
                                                              --------          --------         --------
         Total assets                                         $  1,692          $    876         $    678
                                                              ========          ========         ========

         Current liabilities                                  $    511          $    380         $    267
         Long term liabilities                                     552               191              227
                                                              --------          --------         --------
         Total liabilities                                       1,063               571              494
                                                              --------          --------         --------

         Shareholders' equity                                      577               291              184
         Minority interest                                          52                14                -
                                                              --------          --------         --------
         Total shareholders' equity                                629               305              184
                                                              --------          --------         --------
         Total liabilities & shareholders' equity             $  1,692          $    876         $    678
                                                              ========          ========         ========

         Net sales                                            $  3,357           $ 2,548          $ 1,773
         Cost of goods sold                                    ( 2,350)          ( 1,816)         ( 1,224)
                                                              ---------         ---------        ---------
         Gross profit                                            1,007               732              549
         Selling & administrative expenses                        (511)             (478)            (319)
         Other income (expense)                                    (31)              (14)             (16)
         Income taxes                                             (123)             (125)            (109)
                                                              --------          --------         --------
         Net income (*)                                       $    342          $    115         $    105
                                                              ========          ========         =========

         *Attributed to other shareholders'                   $      36         $      9         $      -
</TABLE>

The condensed balance sheets have been translated from the German Mark to the
U.S. dollar at the exchange rate in effect at December 31 of each year. The
exchange rates used at December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999 for the balance sheets
were $.45, $.48, and $.51 respectively. The condensed income statements have
been translated from the German Mark to the U.S. dollar at the average exchange
rate in effect for the years ended December 31. The average exchange rates used
at December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999 for the income statements were $.47, $.50,
and $.55 respectively.




                                      F-21
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 13 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Commitments - The Company purchases its Tri-Dura(R) rolls from a company owned
by Steven G. Ross (Supplier) pursuant to a supply agreement. Steven G. Ross is a
14.9% stockholder in the Company and owner of a company which competes with the
Company's Tri-Dura(R) bags. The supply agreement provides that the Company
purchase all of its plastic rolls, with certain exceptions, from Supplier
through at least December 31, 2007. Thereafter, either the Company or Supplier
may terminate the supply agreement upon two years' prior written notice. The
Company may purchase plastic rolls from other suppliers to the extent Supplier
is unable to supply plastic rolls under the supply agreement. The Company
considers its relationship with Supplier to be good. The Company believes there
are adequate alternative suppliers available in the event Supplier is unable to
provide rolls.

Contingencies - The Company is involved in litigation matters that are in the
normal course of business. Management is of the opinion that these matters will
not have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.
Accordingly, no provision for these matters is included in the financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2001.


NOTE 14 - CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to credit risk
consist of cash and receivables. The Company's cash balances are with federally
insured banks and periodically exceed insured limits.


NOTE 15 - PROFIT SHARING PLAN

The Company has a qualified profit sharing plan covering all full-time personnel
with at least one year of continuous service. Contributions to the plan are at
the discretion of the Company's management. Although no contributions were made
to the profit sharing plan in 2001, the Company made contributions to the plan
of $119,930, and $98,708 for the years ended December 31, 2000, and 1999,
respectively.

















                                      F-22
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 16 - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA - (UNAUDITED)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     2000                                   2001
                                            (Dollars in Thousands)                 (Dollars in Thousands)
                                    -----------------------------------      -----------------------------------
                                       Q-1      Q-2      Q-3      Q-4          Q-1      Q-2       Q-3       Q-4
                                     -------  -------  -------  -------      -------  -------  --------  -------
<S>                                  <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>          <C>      <C>      <C>       <C>
Net sales                            $ 6,692  $ 9,643  $10,702  $ 4,414      $ 4,149  $10,159  $ 10,156  $ 4,244
Gross profit from operations           1,423    2,292    2,429      507          772    2,379     2,316      294

Income (loss) before extraordinary
  items and cumulative effect of a
  change in accounting                   (33)     597      511     (553)        (367)     461       385     (643)
                                     -------  -------  -------  -------      -------  -------  --------  -------
Net income (loss)                    $   (33) $   597  $   511  $  (553)     $  (367) $   461  $    385  $  (643)
                                     =======  =======  =======  =======      =======  =======  ========  =======

Basic and diluted net income (loss)
  per common share                   $  0.00  $  0.05  $  0.04  $ (0.05)     $ (0.03) $  0.04  $   0.03  $ (0.06)
                                     =======  =======  =======  =======      =======  =======  ========  =======
</TABLE>



































                                      F-23
<PAGE>











                            SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION



<PAGE>



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT ON SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Ag-Bag International Limited

Under date of February 20, 2002, we reported on the balance sheets of Ag-Bag
International Limited as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the related
statements of income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for the years ended
December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999 as contained in the annual report on Form 10-K
for the year 2001. In connection with our audits of the aforementioned financial
statements, we also audited the related schedule of Valuation and Qualifying
Accounts. This schedule is the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statement schedule
based on our audit.

In our opinion, the schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts, when
considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.




\s\ Moss Adams LLP
Portland, Oregon
February 20, 2002












                                      F-24
<PAGE>
AG-BAG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



          Column A                  Column B              Column C              Column D              Column E
---------------------------    ------------------    ------------------    ------------------    ------------------

                                   Balance at            Charged to            Write-offs,             Balance
                                    beginning             costs and              net of                at end
         Description                 of year              expenses             recoveries              of year
---------------------------    ------------------    ------------------    ------------------    ------------------
<S>                            <C>                   <C>                   <C>                   <C>
Year ended December 31:
2001:
Allowance for doubtful
     accounts                  $          247,690    $           25,000    $         (69,340)     $         203,350
Warranty reserve               $          190,162    $          159,597    $       (225,277)      $         124,482
Inventory valuation reserve    $          718,951    $           77,500    $        (144,129)     $         652,322

2000:
Allowance for doubtful
     accounts                  $          147,024    $          175,000    $         (74,334)     $         247,690
Warranty reserve               $          175,000    $          319,541    $        (304,379)     $         190,162
Inventory valuation reserve    $          487,591    $          256,000    $         (24,640)     $         718,951

1999:
Allowance for doubtful
     accounts                  $          327,510    $          175,000    $        (355,486)     $         147,024
Warranty reserve               $          140,000    $          368,410    $        (333,410)     $         175,000
Inventory valuation reserve    $          246,735    $          346,500    $        (105,644)     $         487,591
</TABLE>

























                                      F-25
<PAGE>
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Ag-Bag International Limited

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of BAW group as of December 31,
2001, and the related statements of operating results and cash flows, for the
year then ended, which, as described in Note B to the financial statements have
been prepared on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in
Germany. These financial statements are the responsibility of the company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America and in Germany. Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of BAW group as of December 31,
2001, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2001, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in Germany.







\s\Dipl. Ing. Martin Steinebach
02625 Bautzen
January 24, 2002








                                      F-26
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    BAW group
                                    Balance Sheet
                                  December 31, 2001


                                                     2001                  2000             1999
                                                     DM                    ThDM             ThDM
                                                     --                    ----             ----
<S>     <C>                                    <C>                    <C>             <C>
A.       Fixed assets

II.      Tangible assets

         1.       Real estate and buildings        966,739.--               0.0              0.0
         2.       Technical equipment
                  and machinery                    564,007.42             508.5            633.7
         3.       Other equipment, tools,
                  furniture + fixtures              41,774.10              32.1             34.6
         4.       Plants under construction              ./.                2.7              0.0
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
                                                 1,572,520.52             543.3            668.3

B.       Liquid assets

I.       Stock

         1.       Raw materials and
                  supplies                           8,000.--               8.2             10.2
         3.       Finished products
                  + goods                          479,370.81             213.0            389.4
         4.       Advance payments made                 93.25               0.0              0.0
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
                                                   487,464.06             221.2            399.6
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------

II.      Accounts receivable and other assets

         1.       Trade accounts receivable        873,901.51             475.8            137.5
         3.       Accounts receivable from
                  shareholders                     100,000.--             252.8              0.0
         4.       Other assets                      27,570.21              17.0              6.3
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
                                                 1,001,471.72             745.6            143.8
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------

III.     Checks, cash, Federal Reserve
          Bank and Postbank balance,
          cash in banks
                                                   659,001.91             287.6             69.0
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------

         Liquid assets total                     2,147,937.69           1,254.4            612.4
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------


C.       Deferred item                              17,625.95              21.7             39.9

D.       Active deferred taxes                      21,814.14               0.0              0.0
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------

Total assets                                     3,759,898.30           1,819.4          1,320.6
                                                =============           =========       =========








                                      F-27
<PAGE>
                                      BAW group
                                    Balance Sheet
                                  December 31, 2001


                                                     2001                  2000             1999
                                                     DM                    ThDM             ThDM
                                                     --                    ----             ----
A.       Equity

I.       Capital stock                             146,687.25             146.7            149.4
IV.      Profit carried forward                    384,912.09             135.2             21.7
V.       Year's profit                             556,010.84             249.7             98.5
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
         Subtotal                                1,087,610.18             531.6            269.6

VI.      Conversion                                 48,250.03              19.9              0.0
VII.     Shares of other shareholders              103,713.04              34.4              0.0
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
         Equity capital total                    1,239,573.25             585.9            269.6
                                                =============           =========       =========



B.       Special item including
         reserves                                  262,346.62             100.7            183.2

C.       Reserves

         1.       Passive deferred taxes           120,000.--             347.9            107.1
         2.       Tax reserve                      325,920.86               0.0             30.5
         4.       Other reserves                    93,302.--              59.7            105.6
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
         Reserves total                            539,222.86             407.6            243.2
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------

D.        Payables

         2.       Liabilities to credit
                  institutions                     912,609.78             199.2            292.8
         4        Accounts payable for
                  purchases + deliveries            58,004.21             431.4            272.8
         6.        Liabilities to shareholders     673,795.21               0.0             22.7
         8.       Other liabilities                 31,383.36              69.3             36.3
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
         Payables total                          1,675,792.56             699.9            624.6
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------

E.       Deferred item                              42,963.01              25.3              0.0
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------

Total liabilities and equity                     3,759,898.30           1,819.4          1,320.6
                                                =============           =========       =========









                                      F-28
<PAGE>
                                    BAW group
                      Profit and loss account of the group
                  For the period from 01.01.2001 to 31.12.2001


                                                     2001                  2000             1999
                                                     DM                    ThDM             ThDM
                                                     --                    ----             ----

1.       Sales proceeds                          6,672,571.60           4,974.7          3,021.9

2.       Change in stock                      +    266,415.44    ./.      345.5            202.7

4.       Other business proceed                    514,562.73             148.8            174.1
5.       Material costs

         a)  Costs for raw materials and
             supplies                       ./.  4,464,570.81     ./.   2,825.3    ./.   2,050.2

         b)   costs of services received    ./.    832,366.58     ./.     481.3    ./.     359.0
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
Gross profit                                     2,156,612.38           1,471.4            989.5

6.       Personnel costs
         a)   wages and salaries                   271,690.93             187.4            129.0
         b)   social contributions                  60,624.36              44.7             21.7
7.       Depreciation
         a) on tangible assets                     296,255.30             168.4            139.9
8.       Other operating expenses                  625,908.68             476.0            464.6
11.      Other interests and similar
         proceeds                             +     11,771.10       +       5.7      +       1.0
13.      Interests and similar expenses             77,353.77              34.4             29.7
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
14.      Result of regular operations         +    836,550.44       +     566.2      +     205.6

18.      Taxes from income and
         revenue                             ./.   210,643.92      ./.    293.2     ./.    107.1
19.      Other taxes                                 3,905.05               0.8              0.0
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
20.      Year's profit                        +    622,001.47       +     272.2      +      98.5
                                                =============           =========       =========

         Including to other shareholders            65,990.63               22.5             1.3
                                                =============           =========       =========

21.      Year's profit without other
         shareholders                              556,010.84              249.7            97.2
                                                =============           =========       =========
</TABLE>












                                      F-29
<PAGE>
A.       Mandate and execution of the mandate
---------------------------------------------

The managing director of BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen und Warenhandels GmbH,
registered office at 02694 MALSCHWITZ; Ortsteil Kleinbautzen,, ordered us, on
the basis of the shareholder resolution adopted January 30, 2001, to audit the
voluntary annual accounts of the group for the period from January 1, 2001 to
December 31, 2001 including the balance sheet, the profit and loss account, the
notes to the financial statement and the report on the economic position..

The audit of the annual accounts of the group was based on the provisions of HGB
(Commercial Code) and the GmbH Law (Law concerning limited liability companies),
in particular, the general rule stipulated under ss. 300 Commercial Law.

The order was executed in the month of January 2002.

The execution of the order - also concerning the relationship to third parties -
is based on the general contract terms for auditors and auditing companies as
amended on 01.01.2002, a copy of which is attached to this statement

The following statement is made on the results:

B.       Voluntary group accounts
---------------------------------

The Company established the annual accounts of the group as of December 31, 2001
voluntarily pursuant to the shareholder resolution adopted January 30, 2001. The
limits of ss. 293 Commercial Code were not exceeded. The annual accounts of the
group were prepared on the basis of the rules concerning the commercial law. It
is a statement of annual accounts purely based on the commercial law. Any tax
voting rights were not exercised (see, in particular, item D.III.).


C.       Legal structure of the group
-------------------------------------

The group structure complies with ss. 290 sub-clause 1 HGB. The parent company
of the group is BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen und Warenhandels GmbH,
registered office at Niederkaina. The subsidiaries of BAW Budissa
Agrodienstleistungen und Warenhandels GmbH, AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT and "AG BAG
Polska" sp.zo.o. are affiliated companies pursuant to ss. 271 sub-clause 2 HGB
and to ss. 290 sub-clause 2 HGB, respectively.

The company AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT was incorporated on February 11, 1999 in Gyor
(Hungary) by cash subscription. Having paid an initial contribution of Forint
6,300,000.-- , BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen und Warenhandels GmbH holds 90%
of the shares in the Company. Mr. Szocs Csaba holds 10% of the shares in the
company having paid an initial contribution of Forint 700,000.--. In the
business year the capital was increased from Forint 3,000,000.--by Forint
4,000,000.--to Forint 7,000,000.--.




                                      F-30
<PAGE>
C.       Legal structure of the group - (continued)
---------------------------------------------------

"AG BAG  Polska"  Sp.zo.o.  was  incorporated  on  08.19.1999  in  Szelejewo
Drugie  (Republic  of Poland) by cash  subscription.  Having paid an initial
contribution  of Zloty  80,000.  --, BAW  Budissa  Agrodienstleistungen  und
Warenhandels  GmbH  holds  80 % of the  shares  of the  company.  Mr.  Karol
Benedykt  Glapiak  and Mrs.  Marta  Kashyna  hold 10 % of the  shares in the
company,  each,  having paid an initial  contribution  of Zloty 10,000.  --,
each.

Both subsidiaries are registered in the corresponding Commercial Register.


D.       Group accounts as of December 31, 2001
-----------------------------------------------

I.       Cut-off date and deferred valuation of the consolidated companies
         -----------------------------------------------------------------

BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen und Warenhandels GmbH as the parent company of
the group as well as the subsidiaries AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT and "AG BAG Polska
Sp.zo.o. were included in the group accounts. December 31, 2001 is the cut-off
date of the group accounts. Both the parent company as well as the included
subsidiaries prepared regular annual accounts as of this cut-off date.


II.      Regularity of the special accounts  included in the group accounts
         -------------------------------------------------------------------
         (ss.317 sub-par. 2 HGB)
         -----------------------

The annual accounts included in the group accounts were duly prepared on the
basis of the national commercial laws. For the annual accounts as of 12.31.2001
of BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen und Warenhandels GmbH the unquaified audit
certificate was issued on January 23, 2002 and for the annual accounts of AG BAG
Polska Sp.zo.o. on 01.15..2002. On 01.28.2002 the annual statement of accounts
of "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o. will presumably be established.

For the annual accounts of the Hungarian subsidiary as of 12.31.2001 an
auditor's report dated 01.15.2002 was submitted to us. The annual statement of
accounts of AG BAG UNGARIA KFT will presumably be by the shareholders on
01.28.2002.


III.     Breakdown of the group accounts and valuation principles
         --------------------------------------------------------

The balance sheet of the group as well as the profit and loss account were
stated and classified pursuant to the provisions of the commercial law for
Companies. The requirements of ss.ss. 297 ff HGB were paid due regard to.

Since the company is a joint venture we had to come to an agreement concerning
uniform valuation regulations in the group accounts. Since the parent company
has its registered office and management in Germany we agreed to use the German
valuation regulations for these group accounts without having taken into
consideration any tax privileges pursuant to German, Polish or Hungarian tax
laws.



                                      F-31
<PAGE>
III.     Breakdown of the group accounts and valuation principles -
         -----------------------------------------------------------
         (continued)
         -----------

The consequence was that for the individual accounts a trade balance II (see Tz.
26 concerning ss. 300 Commercial Law in "Beck'scher Bilanzkommentar, 4th
edition) had to be established pursuant to ss. 300 (2) Commercial Law. In this
trade balance II all tax privileges were eliminated and uniform valuation
principles were applied. The conversion of the individual accounts was made
according to the concept of the functional currency. According to this concept
the balance sheet had to be converted on the basis of the current rate and the
profit and loss account on the basis of the average rate.

                                Poland              Hungary
                                ------              -------

Current rate              1 PLZ = DM 0.5559    1 HUF = DM 0.007960
Average rate              1 PLZ = DM 0.5290    1 HUF = DM 0.007662

The capital assets were estimated on the basis of the initial costs minus a
linear pro rata temporis degressive depreciation.

The stock was estimated on the basis of the manufacturing costs and the strict
lowest value principle. For raw materials and supplies a fixed value was formed
pursuant to ss. 256 HGB in connection with R 31 sub-clause 4 ESTR (German
Individual Income Tax Law).

The accounts receivable and other assets are estimated on the basis of their
nominal values.

The special item including reserves was shown pursuant to the recommendations of
the HFA comment 1/1984 of the Institut der Wirtschaftsprufer (Institute of
Auditors).

The reserves take into account all risks seen today. The payables were estimated
on the basis of the repayable amount.


General information on accounting and valuation methods (pursuant to ss.ss.313,
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
314 Commerical Code)
-----------------------

The fixed assets were  assessed on the basis of the initial costs minus the
linear  p.r.t.  or  degressive depreciation  pursuant to ss. 253  par. 2
Commercial Code. No special depreciation was used.

The stock was assessed on the basis of manufacturing costs or according to the
strict lowest value principle. The raw materials and supplies were assessed on
the basis of a fixed value pursuant to ss. 256 Commercial Code in connection
with R 31 par. 4 Income Tax Law.

The receivables and other assets were assessed on the basis of the nominal
value.

The special item including reserves was assessed pursuant to the suggestions of
the HFA comment 1/1984 of the Institut der Wirtschaftsprufer.

The reserves take into account all risks seen today. The liabilities were
assessed on the basis of the repayable amounts.

A deferred  taxation  had to be applied  pursuant to ss.274  Commercial  Code
and ss.306 Commercial Code.


                                      F-32
<PAGE>
III.     Breakdown of the group accounts and valuation principles -
         -----------------------------------------------------------
         (continued)
         -----------

The full consolidation is applied as a consolidation method.

The capital consolidation is made pursuant to the book value method pursuant to
ss. 301 par. 1, sentence 2, no.1 Commercial Code. The first balance-sheet
deadline of the group following the incorporation of the subsidiaries is the
date for the offset of the shares with the equity capital of the subsidiaries.


IV.      Explanation of the consolidation method
------------------------------------------------

The full consolidation was applied pursuant to ss. 300 HGB.

Specification of the consolidation method (pursuant to ss.ss.313, 314
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Commercial Code

The mutual debts and liabilities were offset within the framework of debt
consolidation pursuant to ss.303 par.1 Commerical code.

The expenditure and proceeds (internal group turnover) based on mutual supplies
and services were consolidated.

1.       Consolidation of funds
         ----------------------

For the consolidation of funds the book value method (ss. 301 sub-clause 1 no. 1
HGB) was applied, that is, the valuation of the shares in the subsidiaries was
offset against the subsidiaries' equity falling to these shares which
corresponds to the book value of the assets and debts to be included in the
group accounts. The difference amounting to DM 7,964.68 was - not as required by
ss. 301 par. 3 Commercial Code - not activated as an enterprise value but was
written off the group equity since these are only incorporation costs. The
shares of the other shareholders shown pursuant to ss. 307 Commercial Code were
taken into consideration.


2.       Consolidation of debts
         ----------------------

According to the standard theory the mutual accounts receivable and accounts
payable existing between the companies included in the group accounts were
offset on the basis of ss. 303 sub-clause 1 HGB. The total amount of the mutual
accounts receivable and accounts payable that were offset is ThDM 230.6. DM
1,690.34 had to be taken out of the books as expenses.


3.       Interim result elimination
         --------------------------

We carried out an elimination of the interim results, as we did last year,
in the financial year 2001, see ss.304 par. 3 Commercial Law.

A total of DM 52,845.01 was debited to the account of the expenditure for raw
materials and supplies. This was necessary for the conversion of the valuation
of the finished products and goods to the group-uniform manufacturing costs.


                                      F-33
<PAGE>
IV.      Explanation of the consolidation method - (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------

4.       Expenditure and income consolidation
         ------------------------------------

The expenses and income resulting from the transactions of mutual deliveries of
goods and provision of services were mutually offset by an amount of Th DM
1,179.9.


5.       Deferred taxation
         -----------------

Pursuant to ss. 274 HGB and ss. 306 Commercial Law a deferred taxation was made
as follows:

a)       In the trade balance II of BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen und
         Warenhandels GmbH the tax privilege of voting pursuant to ss.7 g
         Income Tax Law was eliminated (ss.300 par. 2 Commercial Code).

b)       The item of potential taxes was currently adjusted in the year under
         report starting from 01.01.2001 (See Note F - Explanatory notes).

c)       National differences in the tax rate were maintained.



































                                      F-34
<PAGE>
V.       Analysis of the group accounts
         ------------------------------

1.       Analysis of the operating results
         ---------------------------------

The group showed a year's profit in the financial year 2001 amounting to DM
622,001.47.

The year's profit of the group can be shown in the following structure:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                     2001                  2000             1999
                                                     DM                    ThDM             ThDM
                                                     --                    ----             ----

<S>                                        <C>                   <C>               <C>
I.       Operating results

         Sales proceeds                               6,672.6             4,974.7         3,021.9
         Change in stock                    +           266.4     ./.       345.5           202.7
         Other operating results                        514.6               148.8            80.2
         Costs for material                ./.        5,297.0     ./:     3,306.6   ./.   2,409.2
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
         Gross proceeds                               2,156.6             1,471.4           895.6

         Minus
         Personnel costs                                332.3               232.1           150.7
         Depreciation                                   296.2               168.4           139.9
         (without special depreciation for
          wear and tear)
         Other expenditures                             625.9               476.0           464.6
         Other taxes                                      3.9                 0.8             0.0
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
         Operating results                  +           898.3      +        594.1    +      140.3
                                                =============           =========       =========

II.      Financial result

         Income from interest                            11.8      +         5.7     +        1.0
         Interest paid                      ./.          77.5     ./.       34.4    ./.      29.7
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
                                            ./.          65.7     ./.       28.7    ./.      28.7
                                                =============           =========       =========

III.     Other results

         Investment grant                                 0.0                0.0     +       34.1
         Book profit from the sale of
         tangible assets                                  0.0                0.0     +       59.8
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
                                                          0.0                0.0     +       93.9
                                                =============           =========       =========

IV.      Taxes from income and revenue      ./.         210.6     ./:      293.3    ./.     107.1
                                                =============           =========       =========

V.       Summary of the results for the year

         Operating results                   +          898.3      +       594.1     +      140.4
         Financial result                   ./.          65.7     ./.       28.7    ./.      28.7
         Other  results                                   0.0                0.0     +       93.9
         Taxes from income and revenue      ./.         210.6     ./.      293.2    ./.     107.1
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
         Results for the year                +          622.0*     +       272.2     +       98.5
                                                =============           =========       =========
</TABLE>

   *  DM 65,990.63 of this amount is attributable to other shareholders

                                      F-35
<PAGE>
V.       Analysis of the group accounts - (continued)
-----------------------------------------------------

2.       Analysis of the status
         ----------------------

The status is shown by a comparison of assets and debts as of the balance-sheet
cut-off date and compared to the two previous years as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                     2001                  2000             1999
                                                     DM                    ThDM             ThDM
                                                     --                    ----             ----
<S>                                             <C>                     <C>             <C>
I.       Asset side

         Fixed assets                                 1,572.5               543.3           668.3
         Current assets                               2,148.0             1,254.4           612.4
         Deferred item                                   17.6                21.7            39.9
         Active deferred taxes                           21.8                 0.0             0.0
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
                                                      3,759.9             1,819.4         1.320.6
                                                =============           =========       =========
II.      Debts side

         Shares of other shareholders                   103.7               34.4             11.9
         Special item including reserves                104.9               50.4             91.6
         reserves*
         Accruals                                       539.2              407.6            243.2
         Liabilities                                  1,675.8              699.9            624.6
         Deferred item                                   43.0               25.3              0.0
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
                                                      2,466.6            1,217.9            971.3
                                                =============           =========       =========

III.     Equity capital

         Equity  capital of the group                 1,087.6              531.6            257.7
         Conversion                                      48.3               19.9              0.0
         Special item including reserves*           +   157.4         +     50.3     +       91.6
                                                -------------           ---------       ---------
         Sustained equity                             1,293.3              601.8            349.3
                                                =============           =========       =========
</TABLE>
* 40 % (in the previous year 50%) of the special item including reserves was
considered as borrowed capital.


3.       Analysis of the financial position
         ----------------------------------

We analyzed the financial position of the group by means of the static and
dynamic liquidity analysis as compared to the two previous years:


a)       Static liquidity analysis
                                                  2001      2000      1999
         Ratio                                      %         %         %
         -----                                    ----      ----      ----

         Equity ratio
         (equity*100: balance sheet total)        34.40     33.08     27.35

         Investment recovery I
         (equity*100: fixed assets)               82.24    110.75     54.05

                                      F-36
<PAGE>
3.       Analysis of the financial position - (continued)
         ------------------------------------------------

                                                  2001      2000      1999
         Ratio                                      %         %         %
         -----                                    ----      ----      ----

         Investment recovery II
         (equity+long-term borrowed
         capital*100:fixed assets)               154.63    184.80    113.54

         Liquidity I
         (currency medium*100:short-term
         borrowed capital)                       122.58     86.67     30.40

         Liquidity II
         (currency medium+short-term
          debts*100:short-term borrowed capital) 308.87    311.39     93.75

         Liquidity III
         (currency medium+short-term
         debts+stock*100:short-term borrowed
         capital)                                399.63    373.99    269.76


b)       Dynamic liquidity analysis by cash flow presentation

                                                  2001      2000      1999
                                                  ThDM      ThDM      ThDM
                                                  ----      ----      ----

         Year's profit                            622.0   +  272.2  +  98.5
         Depreciation                             296.2   +  168.4  + 139.9
                                                  -----      -----    -----
         Cash flow (after tax)                    918.2   +  440.6  + 238.4
         Plus taxes                               210.6   +  293.2  + 107.1
                                                  -----      -----    -----
         Cash flow (pre-tax)                    1,128.8   +  733.8  + 345.5
                                                =======      =====    =====




VI.       Accountancy of the group
          ------------------------

Accounting of BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen und Warenhandels GmbH is done
mechanically by Budissa Agrarprodukte Aktiengesellschaft Niederkaina as a
service. The data processing program DB-Soft is used.

Accounting of AG-BAG Hungaria KFT is done mechanically by the local tax adviser
in Hungary.

Accounting of "AG BAG Polska"  Sp.zo.o.  is done  mechanically  by the local
tax adviser in Poland.

The group account is established on the basis of transitional accounts in
Niederkaina.


                                      F-37
<PAGE>
VII.        Notes to the financial statement of the group and report on
            -----------------------------------------------------------
            the situation
            -------------

The notes to the financial statements of the group are in agreement with
the group accounts. (See Note F - Explanatory notes)



E.       Audit certificate
         -----------------

We audited the group accounts including the accounting and the report on the
situation of the BAW group for the business year ending on December 31, 2001
with a balance-sheet total of DM 3,759,898.30 and a year's profit of DM
622,001.47.

The management of the companies are responsible for the accounting and the
preparation of the group accounts and the report on the situation of the group
according to the regulations of the commercial law (and the supplementary
regulations in the partnership agreement). It is our task to give our opinion on
the group accounts and the report on the situation of the group on the basis of
the audit carried out by us.

We carried out our audit of the group accounts pursuant to ss. 317 Commercial
Law considering the principles of regular audits established by the Institut der
Wirtschaftsprufer (IDW). Accordingly, the audit must be planned and carried out
such that one can assess safely enough whether the accounting, the group
accounts and the report on the situation of the group are free of any essential
deficiencies.

Within the framework of the audit we assess the records for the data in
accounting, the groups accounts and the report on the financial position of the
group on the basis of samples. The audit includes the assessment of the applied
accounting axioms and essential assessments of the management as well as the
appreciation of the total presentation of the group accounts and the report on
the situation of the group. We think that our audit forms a sufficient basis for
our assessment. Our audit did not result in any objections.

We think that the group accounts considering the principles of good accounting
gives a picture of the status, financial situation and profit situation of the
group that reflects the actual situation. The report on the situation of the
group gives a correct idea of the position of the group and shows risks of the
future development correctly.

02625 Bautzen, January 24, 2002

                                    Treuhand-Gesellschaft
                                 Dr. Steinebach & Partner GmbH
                                         Wirtschaftsprufungsgesellschaft


                                   \s\ Dipl.Ing. Martin Steinebach
                                   Dipl.Ing. Martin Steinebach
                                            Auditor





                                      F-38
<PAGE>
F.       Explanatory notes
         -----------------

I.       Breakdown and explanation of the items of the balance sheet
--------------------------------------------------------------------

1.       Tangible assets - DM 1,572,520.52 (prev. year ThDM 543.3)
         ---------------------------------------------------------

The composition and development of the tangible assets are listed in Exhibit 1.


2.       Raw materials and supplies - DM 8,000.-- (prev. year ThDM 8.2)
         --------------------------------------------------------------

Breakdown:

Company                      Designation                      Valuation
-------                      -----------                -----------------------
                                                        DM         prev.y. ThDM
                                                        --         ------------



BAW Budissa Agrodienst-      Fixed value for packaging
leistungen und Warenhandels  material and small items   8,000. --       8.0
GmbH

"AG BAG Polska" sp.zo.o.           Small items              -.-         0.2
                                                        -------         ---
                                                        8,000.--        8.2
                                                        ========        ===

An interim profit elimination was not necessary since in this item no
group-internal supplies are included.



3.       Finished  products  and  goods - DM  479,370.81  (prev.  year ThDM
         -------------------------------------------------------------------
         213.0)
         ------

                                                    DM           prev.y. ThDM
Breakdown:

         BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
         und Warenhandels GmbH                    55,676.- -          21.5

         "AG BAG Polska" sp.zo.o.              384,924.76            165.5

         AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                    38,770.03             26.0
                                               ----------            -----
                                               479,370.81            213.0
                                               ==========            =====

In the stock an interim profit elimination totaling DM 52,845.01 was carried
out. This includes DM 16,833.43 for stocks in Hungary and DM 36,011.58 for
stocks in Poland.







                                      F-39
<PAGE>

I.       Breakdown  and  explanation  of the items of the  balance  sheet -
         ------------------------------------------------------------------
         (continued)
         -----------

3.       Finished  products  and  goods - DM  479,370.81  (prev.  year ThDM
         -------------------------------------------------------------------
         213.0) - (continued)
         --------------------

The stock is specified as follows:

                                                                      DM

(1)      Finished products of BAW Budissa
         Agrodienstleistungen und Warenhandels GmbH
         AG BAG Plastic bags                                      55,676.--
                                                                 ==========
(2)      Finished products of
         AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT
         AG BAG plastic bags                                      31,165.50
         Other finished products                                   7,604.55
                                                                 ----------
         Total AG BAG HUNGARIA KFT                                38,770.05
                                                                 ==========
(3)      Finished products of
         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.
         AG BAG plastic bags                                      66,593.14
         Machinery                                               301,587.67
         Other finished products                                  16,743.95
                                                                 ----------
         Total  "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                         384,924.76
                                                                 ----------
         Total of finished products and goods                    479,370.81
                                                                ===========


4.       Advance payments made  -   DM 93.25  (prev.y. ThDM zero)
         --------------------------------------------------------

This is an advance payment amounting to DM 93.25 of "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.



5.      Trade accounts receivable - DM 873,901.51  (p.y.  ThDM 475.8)
        -------------------------------------------------------------

Breakdown:                                               DM      prev.y. ThDM
                                                         --      ------------


         BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
         und Warenhandels GmbH                        113,104.30       52.7

         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                     722,454.82      406.8

         AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                           38,342.39       16.3
                                                      ----------      -----
                                                      873,901.51      475.8
                                                      ==========      =====

The value of the accounts receivable in Hungary and Poland can't be finally
assessed at the moment. The company dispensed with the formation of value
adjustments.


                                      F-40
<PAGE>

I.       Breakdown  and  explanation  of the items of the  balance  sheet -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (continued)
         -----------

6.       Receivables from shareholders - DM 100,000.- -  (p.y. ThDM 252.8)
         -----------------------------------------------------------------

These are trade accounts receivable from BAG Budissa Agroservice Gesellschaft
mbH which were still outstanding at the time of the audit (residual amount of an
invoice).


7.        Other assets - DM 27,570.21 (p.y. ThDM 17.0)
          --------------------------------------------

Breakdown                                                   DM     prev.y. ThDM
                                                            --     ------------
BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
und Warenhandels GmbH                                    9,578.70        0.0

"AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                                15,613.01        6.8

AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                                      2,378.50       10.2
                                                        ---------       ----
                                                        27,570.21       17.0
                                                        =========       ====

This is specified as follows:

                                                                        DM
                                                                        --

Refund of corporate income tax (H)                                    1,122.36
Refund of trade tax (H)                                                  76.96
Refund of turnover tax (H)                                              734.41
Refund of turnover tax (G)                                            6,218.70
Refund of turnover tax (PL)                                          14,859.76
Refund of wage tax and social contributions  (PL)                       753.25
                                                                     ---------
Total of refunds                                                     23,765.44

Interest limitation premium (G)                                       3,360.--
Advance leasing payment (H)                                             444.77
                                                                     ---------
Total                                                                27,570.21
                                                                     =========



















                                      F-41
<PAGE>
I.       Breakdown  and  explanation  of the items of the  balance  sheet -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (continued)
         -----------

8.       Checks, cash, Federal Reserve Bank and Postbank balance, cash in
         -----------------------------------------------------------------
         banks - DM 659,001.91  (p.y.  ThDM 287.6)
         -----------------------------------------

Breakdown:

            BAW Budissa        "AG BAG       AG-BAG     group
            Agrodienstl.        Polska"     HUNGARIA
            u. Warenhandels     sp.zo.o.      KFT
            GmbH in DM           DMDM          DM         DM         p.y. THDM
            ----------         ---------    --------    -----        ----------
Cash in
Banks       483,066.45         72,643.75    93,947.75   649,657.95    285.0

Cash          2,888.22          5,890.98       564.76     9,343.96      2.6
            ----------         ---------    ---------   ----------    -----
            485,954.67         78,534.73    94,512.51   659,001.91    287.6
            ==========         =========    =========   ==========    =====



9.             Deferred item - DM 17,625.95  (p.y. ThDM 21.7)
               ----------------------------------------------

Breakdown                                              DM           p.y. ThDM
                                                       --           ---------
         BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
         und Warenhandels GmbH                      14,682.47          21.1

         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                    2,556.71           0.3

         AG-BAG HUNGARIAKFT                            386.77           0.3
                                                    ---------          ----
                                                    17,625.95          21.7
                                                    =========          ====

For all companies these are financing expenses paid in advance for technical
equipment and motor vehicles.


10.          Active deferred taxes - DM 21,814.14 (prev.y. ThDM zero)
             --------------------------------------------------------

Active deferred taxes for:

                                                            DM
Interim result elimination
DM 52,845.01                                              21,138.--

Profit-effective balancing of an account receivable
of BAW GmbH from AG-BAG
HUNGARIA KFT DM 1,690.34
                                                            676.14
                                                         ---------
                                                         21,814.14
                                                         =========




                                      F-42
<PAGE>
I.       Breakdown  and  explanation  of the items of the  balance  sheet -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (continued)
         -----------

11.      Development of equity - DM 1,239.573.25  (p.y. ThDM 585.9)
         ----------------------------------------------------------

Breakdown and development
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                       As of        addition         release         As of
                                    01.01.2001                                     12.31.2001
                                        DM             DM               DM             DM

<S>                                <C>                                              <C>
Capital stock                      146,687.25          -.-              -.-         146,687.25
Profit carried forward             135,198.23    249,713.86 U           -.-         384,912.09
Year's profit                      249,713.86    556,010.84(1)    249,713.86 U      556,010.84
                                   ----------    ----------       ----------        ----------
Subtotal                           531,599.34    805,724.70       249,713.86      1,087,610.18

Share of other shareholders         34,359.31     65,990.63(1)
                                                   3,363.10(2)          -.-         103,713.04

Balance from conversion             19,939.18     28,310.85             -.-          48,250.03
                                   ----------    ----------       ----------        ----------
Total equity                       585,897.83    903,389.28       249,713.86      1,239,573.25
                                   ==========    ==========       ==========      ============
</TABLE>



U = transfer from one account to another
(1) Year's profit DM 622,001.47 = DM 556,010.84 + DM 65,990.63
(2) Capital increase of outside shareholders in Hungary





















                                      F-43
<PAGE>
I.       Breakdown  and  explanation  of the items of the  balance  sheet -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (continued)
         -----------

11.      Development  of  equity  - DM  1,239.573.25  (p.y.  ThDM  585.9) -
         -------------------------------------------------------------------
         (continued)
         -----------

The item of shares of other shareholders developed as follows:

                          As of        Capital        addition          As of
                        01.01.2001     increase       (release)      12.31.2001
                        ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------
                                              U = transfer
                            DM             DM             DM              DM

Capital stock            10,627.99       3,363.10           -.-       13,991.09

Profit carried forward    1,287.83           -.-       22,443.49 U    23,731.32

Year's profit            22,443.49           -.-      (22,443.49)U
                                                       65,990.63      65,990.63
                        ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------
                         34,359.31       3,363.10      65,990.63     103,713.04
                        ==========     ==========     ==========     ==========

                          As of        Proratable     Capital           As of
                        01.01.2001        profit      increase       12.31.2001
                        ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------

"AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.

Capital stock             8,321.29*          -.-             -.-       8,321.29

Profit carries forward   24,383.66           -.-             -.-      24,383.66

Year's profit                 -.-       64,811.85            -.-      64,811.85
                        ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------
                         32,704.95      64,811.85            -.-      97,516.80
                        ==========     ==========     ==========     ==========

AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT

Capital stock             2,306.70           -.-        3,363.10       5,669.80

Profit carries forward ./.  652.34           -.-            -.-   ./.    652.34

Year's profit                 -.-        1,178.78           -.-        1,178.78
                        ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------
                          1,654.36       1,178.78       3,363.10       6,196.24
                        ==========     ==========     ==========     ==========
                         34,359.31      65,990.63       3,363.10     103,713.04
                        ==========     ==========     ==========     ==========

* Must be adjusted to DM 9,428.28 in the following year (Historic exchange rate
in August 1999).

12.      Special item including reserves - DM  262,346.62  (p.y. ThDM 100.7)
         -------------------------------------------------------------------
Breakdown and development:
                                       As of         addition          As of
                                    12.31.2000       (release)      12.31.2001
                                    ----------       ---------      ----------
                                        DM              DM

Investment grants                                     208,000.--
                                       100,744.68     (46,398.06)    262,346.62
                                       ==========     ==========     ==========

These are subsidies of the Sachsische Aufbaubank (GA-Fordermittel).

                                      F-44

<PAGE>
I.       Breakdown  and  explanation  of the items of the  balance  sheet -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (continued)
--------------------

13.       Passive deferred taxes - DM 120,000.- -   (p.y. ThDM 347.9)
          -----------------------------------------------------------

Development:

                                                                      DM

As of 12.31.2000                                                     347,859.50

Minus
Transfer in tax reserve                                       ./.    149,335.35

Release of tax adjustment
Poland (from 2000) in trade balance II                        ./.     51,640.02

Release of BAW due to tax rate decrease for
Tax on income in Germany                                      ./.     26,884.13
                                                                     ----------
                                                                     120,000.--
                                                                     ==========

The reserves for deferred taxation were booked pursuant to ss. 306 HGB.


14.       Reserves for potential taxes - DM 325,920.86  (p.y. ThDM zero)
          --------------------------------------------------------------

Breakdown and development::

                                   As of            addition          As of
                                12.31.2000        (consumption)    12.31.2001
                                ----------        -------------    ----------
                                              U = transfer from one
                                                  account to another
                                                  -----------------
                                    DM                   DM           DM

Trade income tax 2000                   ./.         U  50,867.--      50,867.--
Trade income tax 2001                   ./.            87,888.--      87,888.--
Corporate income tax 2000               ./.         U  93,335.--      93,335.--
Corporate income tax 2001               ./.            63,002.--      83,002.--
Re-unification charge 2000              ./.         U   5,133.35       5,133.35
Re-unification charge 2001              ./.             5,695.51       5,695.51
                                 ----------        -------------    -----------
                                                      176,585.51
                                        ./.         U 149,335.35     325,920.86
                                 ==========        =============    ===========

For the group accounts as of 12.31.2001 the corresponding national tax rates
were used.






                                      F-45
<PAGE>
I.        Breakdown  and  explanation  of the items of the  balance  sheet -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
          (continued)
          -----------

15.       Other reserves - DM 93,302.- -  (p.y. ThDM 59.7)
          ------------------------------------------------

The other reserves are only reserves of BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen und
Warenhandels GmbH for expenses for guarantees/warranties, preparation and
auditing of the annual statement of accounts and taxes, Fees for the Chamber of
Industry and Commerce and Trade Association as well as vacation still
outstanding.


16.      Accounts payable to credit institutions - DM  912,609.78
         --------------------------------------------------------
         (p.y. ThDM 199.2)
         -----------------

Breakdown:                                             DM         p.y. ThDM
                                                       --         ---------
         BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
         und Warenhandels GmbH                      896,285.39        170.1

         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                    11,693.91         16.1

         AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                          4,630.48         13.0
                                                    ----------        -----
                                                    912,609.78        199.2
                                                    ==========        =====

17.      Accounts  payable for  purchases  and  deliveries  - DM  58,004.21
         -------------------------------------------------------------------
         (p.y. ThDM 431.4)

Breakdown:                                             DM         p.y. ThDM
                                                       --         ---------

         BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
         und Warenhandels GmbH                        3,694.--          9.1
         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                   54,310.21         289.0*

         AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                              ./.         133.3*
                                                    ----------        -----
                                                     58,004.21        431.4

* In the previous year payables to BAG-Budissa Agroservice Gesellschaft mbH
amounting to ThDM 406.5 (= 273.2 ThDM + 133.3 ThDM) are also included.


18.      Payables to shareholders - DM 673,795.21 (p.y. ThDM zero)
         ---------------------------------------------------------

These are payables to BAG Budissa Agroservice Gesellschaft mbH.

Breakdown:                                             DM
                                                       --

         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                   543,268.96

         AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                        130,526.25
                                                    ----------
                                                    673,795.21
                                                    ==========

                                      F-46
<PAGE>
I.       Breakdown  and  explanation  of the items of the  balance  sheet -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (continued)
         -----------

19.      Other liabilities - DM 31,383.36    (p.Y. ThDM 69.3)
         ----------------------------------------------------

Breakdown:                                             DM         p.y. ThDM
                                                       --         ---------

         BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
         und Warenhandels GmbH                       11,738.87         40.8

         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                    16,607.32         24.9

         AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                          3,037.17          3.6
                                                    ----------        -----
                                                     31,383.36         69.3
                                                     =========        =====

This includes the following special items:
                                                                         DM

Wages payable                                                          7,728.55
Social insurance                                                       7,047.49
Tax Poland                                                            16,607.32
                                                                      ---------
                                                                      31,383.36
                                                                      =========

20.      Notes to liabilities

Liabilities               total amount       breakdown according to periods
-----------                    DM            ------------------------------
                                        up to 1 y.    1 to 5 y.  more than 5 y.
                                           DM             DM           DM
                                           --             --           --

to credit institutions    912,609.78    200,782.39    370,231.39    341,596.--

accounts payable for
purchases + deliveries     58,004.21     58,004.21          -.-           -.-

to shareholders           673,795.21    247,460.92    426,334.29          -.-

Other*                     31,383.36     31,383.36          -.-           -.-
                        ------------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Total amount            1,675,792.56    537,630.88    796,565.68    341,596.--
                        ============    ==========    ==========    ==========

* Of this from taxes DM 1,761.98
  Of this within the framework of social security DM 21,761.28






                                      F-47
<PAGE>
I.       Breakdown  and  explanation  of the items of the  profit  and loss
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
         account
         -------

1.       Sales proceeds - DM 6,672,571.60 (p.y. ThDM 4,974.7)
         ----------------------------------------------------

Breakdown:

                     BAW Budissa Agro-   "AG BAG       AG-BAG
                     Dienstleistungen     Polska"     HUNGARIA
                     und Warenhandels     sp.zo.o.      KFT          Group
                     GmbH in DM             DM           DM             DM
                     --------------- ------------- ------------- -------------

Proceeds from sales
of goods                3,615,978.16  2,094,026.52    613,120.95  6,323,125.63

Proceeds from services          ./.     303,084.53     11,645.48    314,730.01

Other proceeds             31,159.76      3,556.20          ./.      34,715.96
                     --------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
                        3,647,137.92  2,400,667.25    624,766.43  6,672,571.60
                     =============== ============= ============= =============


2.       Change in stock - DM 266,415.44  (p.y. ./. ThDM 345.5)
         --------------------------------------------------------

Breakdown
                              Stock                Stock           Change in
                        As of 12.31.2000     As of 12.31.2001        stock
                        ----------------     ----------------      ----------
Finished products
and goods                  212,955.37           479,370.81         266,415.44
                           ==========           ==========         ==========


3.       Other operating results - DM 514,562.73 (p.y. ThDM 148.8)
         ---------------------------------------------------------

Breakdown
                                                                       DM
                                                                       --
BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen und Warenhandels GmbH
(minus savings reserve amounting to DM 300.0)                      445,332.68

"AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                                            58,147.06

AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                                                 11,082.99
                                                                   ----------
                                                                   514,562.73
                                                                   ==========

4.       Expenses for raw materials and supplies - DM  4,464,570.81  (p.y.
         -----------------------------------------------------------------
         ThDM 2,825.3)

Breakdown
                                                                       DM
                                                                       --
BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
und Warenhandels GmbH                                            3,261,590.11*

"AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                                           969,372.77

AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                                                233,607.93
                                                                 ------------
                                                                 4,464,570.81
                                                                 ============
* It includes expenses for merchandise, packaging and energy costs.

                                      F-48
<PAGE>
II.      Breakdown  and  explanation  of the items of the  profit  and loss
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
         account - (continued)
         ---------------------

5.       Expenses for services received - DM 832,366.58  (p.y. ThDM 481.3)
         -----------------------------------------------------------------

Breakdown
                                                                       DM
                                                                       --
BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
und Warenhandels GmbH                                              611,587.79

"AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                                           187,520.70

AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                                                 33,258.09
                                                                 ------------
                                                                   832,366.58
                                                                 ============

It includes expenses for rents, means of production, transportation and other
services.


6.       Personnel costs - DM 332,315.29  (p.y. ThDM 232.1)

Breakdown:
                                                                       DM
                                                                       --
a)       Wages and salaries

         BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
         und Warenhandels GmbH                                     150,012.50

         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                                   95,997.09
         AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                                        25,681.34
                                                                 ------------
         Subtotal of wages and salaries                            271,690.93
                                                                 ------------
b)       Social contributions

         BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
         und Warenhandels GmbH                                      33,233.74

         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                                   18,454.09
         AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                                         8,936.53
                                                                 ------------
         Subtotal of wages and salaries                             60,624.36
                                                                 ------------
Total personnel costs                                              332,315.29
                                                                 ============







                                      F-49
<PAGE>
II.      Breakdown  and  explanation  of the items of the  profit  and loss
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
account - (continued)

7.       Depreciation on tangible assets - DM 296,255.30  (p.y. ThDM 168.4
         -----------------------------------------------------------------

Breakdown:
                                                                       DM
                                                                       --
         BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
         und Warenhandels GmbH                                     240,287.81

         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                                   27,754.68
         AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                                        28,212.81
                                                                 ------------
                                                                   296,255.30
                                                                 ============

An exact classification is included in the list of tangible assets in Exhibit 1.


8.       Other operating expenses - DM 625,908.68  (p.y. ThDM 476.0)
         -----------------------------------------------------------

Breakdown:
                                                                       DM
                                                                       --
         BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
         und Warenhandels GmbH                                     475,978.77

         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                                  117,367.72
         AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                                        30,871.85

         Change in the group accounts
         (from consolidation)                                        1,690.34
                                                                 ------------
                                                                   625,908.68
                                                                 ============

9.       Other interest and similar income - DM 11,771.10  (p.y. ThDM 5.7)
         -----------------------------------------------------------------

Breakdown:
                                                                       DM
                                                                       --
         BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
         und Warenhandels GmbH                                       8,019.07

         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                                    2,748.96
         AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                                         1,003.07
                                                                 ------------
                                                                    11,771.10
                                                                 ============

It includes interest earnings from time deposit accounts, current accounts and
other interest.





                                      F-50
<PAGE>
II.      Breakdown  and  explanation  of the items of the  profit  and loss
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
         account - (continued)
         ---------------------

10.      Interest and similar expenses - DM 77,353.77 (p.y. ThDM 34.4)
         -------------------------------------------------------------

Breakdown:
                                                                       DM
                                                                       --
         BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
         und Warenhandels GmbH                                      59,343.43

         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                                    9,385.02
         AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                                         8,625.32
                                                                 ------------
                                                                    77,353.77
                                                                 ============

11.      Taxes from income and proceeds - DM 210,643.92  (p.y. ThDM 293.2)
         -----------------------------------------------------------------

Breakdown:
                                                                       DM
                                                                       --
         BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
         und Warenhandels GmbH                                     199,147.39

         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                                  111,597.31
         AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT                                           237.51
                                                                 ------------
         Subtotal of national taxes                                310,982.21
                                                                 ------------
         minus

         active deferred taxes                                ./.   21,814.14

         Balancing of deferred taxes
         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o. in trade balance II         ./.   51,640.02

         Balancing of deferred taxes
         BAW-GmbH because of tax reduction in trade balance II
                                                              ./.   26,884.13
                                                                 ------------
                                                                   210,643.92
                                                                 ============

12.      Other taxes - DM 3,905.05  (p.y. ThDM 0.8)

Breakdown:
                                                                       DM
                                                                       --
         BAW Budissa Agrodienstleistungen
         und Warenhandels GmbH                                       2,002.40

         "AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.                                    1,902.65
                                                                 ------------
                                                                     3,905.05
                                                                 ============
It includes property tax and motor vehicle tax.


                                      F-51
<PAGE>
III.     Notes to group accounts pursuant to ss.ss.  313, 314 Commercial Code

I.       Listing of the subsidiaries of the group

The following subsidiaries were included in the group accounts:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Result  f the business year
Name + reg. office                 Share of parent         Capital       --------------------------------
------------------                    Company               Stock        In National     Trade Balance II
                                         In %               in DM         Currency           in DM
                                         ----               -----        --------------  ----------------




<S>                                     <C>            <C>            <C>                   <C>
AG-BAG HUNGARIA KFT
Registered office at
Mosonmagyarovar
(Hungary)                                 90             *56,698.--    +   1,538,579.51 HUF  +  11,787.83


"AG BAG Polska" Sp.zo.o.
Registered office at
Szelejewo Drugie
(Republic of Poland)                      80             *47,140.--    +     514,970.20 zl.  + 324,059.25
</TABLE>

* Historic exchange rate

The subsidiaries did not acquire any shares in the parent company in the year
under report.


II.      Other obligatory information pursuant to ss. 314 Commercial Code
         ----------------------------------------------------------------

1.       Contingent liabilities and other financial obligations
         ------------------------------------------------------

There are no contingent liabilities and other obligations.

2.       Employees
         ---------

The average  number of the employees  employed  during the business year was
8 people (p.y. 7).

3.       Emoluments,  advance money, credits and contingent  liabilities of
         -------------------------------------------------------------------
         and to members of the management
         --------------------------------

No data.


IV.      Final remark

Referring to the audit certificate for the group accounts of BAW Budissa
Agrodienstleistungen und Warenhandels GmbH, registered office at 02594
Malschwitz, Ortsteil Kleinbautzen, as of 12.31.2001 we finally declare that we
have prepared the report submitted herewith on the basis of the statements made
by us and the information given to us to the best of our knowledge and belief.



Malschwitz, OT Kleinbautzen, January 24, 2002

                                      F-52
<PAGE>
G.      Reconciliation of German GAAP to U.S. GAAP

The primary difference between the generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP) of Germany and the United States is that German GAAP allows for the
special reserve for a company's economic development plans. This reserve, and
related tax impact, would not be recognized under U.S. GAAP. The following is a
reconciliation of affected balance sheet and profits and loss accounts for the
differences between German GAAP and U.S. GAAP:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                DM                   ThDM              ThDM
Balance sheet reconciliation to US GAAP                        2001                  2000              1999
---------------------------------------                        ----                  ----              ----
<S>                                                          <C>                   <C>               <C>
Total liabilities (non US GAAP)                              2,520,325             1,233.5           1,051.0
Special item including reserves                               (262,346)             (100.7)           (183.2)
Tax reserve                                                    104,938                50.3              91.6
                                                             ---------            --------            ------
Adjusted total liabilities (for US GAAP)                     2,362,917             1,183.1             959.4
                                                             =========            ========            ======


Total equity (non US GAAP)                                   1,239,573               585.9             269.6
Equity affect of prior year's reconcilation                     50,400                91.6                 -
Current year reversal of special item depreciation             161,646               (82.5)            183.2
Current year taxes on increased net income                     (54,638)               41.2             (91.6)
                                                             ---------            --------            ------
Adjusted equity capital (for US GAAP)                        1,396,981               636.2             361.2
                                                             =========            ========            ======




Profit and loss account reconciliation to US GAAP
-------------------------------------------------
Result of regular operations (non US GAAP)                     836,550               566.2             205.6
(Reduction)/increase in other operating expenses              (161,646)               82.5            (183.2)
                                                             ---------            --------            ------
Adjusted result of regular operations (for US GAAP)            998,196               483.7             388.8
                                                             =========            ========            ======

Taxes from income and revenue (non US GAAP)                   (210,644)             (293.2)           (107.1)
(Additional)/reduction in taxes from income and revenue        (54,638)               41.2             (91.6)
                                                             ---------            --------            ------
Taxes from income and revenue (for US GAAP)                   (265,282)             (252.0)           (198.7)
                                                             =========            ========            ======

Year's profit (non US GAAP)                                    622,001               272.2              98.5
(Reduction)/increase in other operating expenses               161,646               (82.5)            183.2
(Additional)/reduction in taxes from income and revenue        (54,638)               41.2             (91.6)
                                                             ---------            --------            ------
Year's profit (for US GAAP)                                    729,009               230.9             190.1
                                                             =========            ========            ======

Year's profit including to other shareholders (non US GAAP)     65,991                22.5               1.3
(Reduction)/increase in other operating expenses                17,150                (6.6)              2.4
(Additional)/reduction in taxes from income and revenue         (5,797)                3.3              (1.2)
                                                             ---------            --------            ------
Year's profit including to other shareholders (for US GAAP)     77,344                19.2               2.5
                                                             =========            ========            ======

Year's profit without other shareholders (non US GAAP)         556,010               249.7              97.2
(Reduction)/increase in other operating expenses               144,496               (75.9)            180.8
(Additional)/reduction in taxes from income and revenue        (48,841)               37.9             (90.4)
                                                             ---------            --------            ------
Year's profit without other shareholders (for US GAAP)         651,665               211.7             187.6
                                                             =========            ========            ======
</TABLE>

                                      F-53
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   BAW -Group

                                    Exhibit 1
                 Composition and Development of Tangible Assets




----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  Historical   Additions  Historical Accumulated Depreciation   Accumulated   Conversion   Net Book     Net Book
                     Cost      releases      Cost    Depreciation    2001      Depreciation  Differences     Value       Value
                  12/31/2000              12.31.2001  12.31.2000                12.31.2001                12.31.2001   12.31.2000
                      DM          DM          DM          DM          DM            DM            DM          DM           DM
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>               <C>        <C>          <C>           <C>        <C>           <C>           <C>       <C>           <C>
Real estate,
leasehold rights
and buildings        0.00    1,013,995.40
                                                           -
Including real
estate of another             U 2.691,70  1,016,687.10    0.00      49,948.10     49,948.10       0.00     966,739.00      0.00
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Technical
equipment
and machnery     1,020,908.79 245,110.92
                                                           -
                               -2,687.00  1,263,332.71 512,376.08  206,082.70    718,458.78    19,133.49   564,007.42   508,532.71
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tools, furniture               25,446.67
and fixtures      52,842.47    -6,020.36   72,268.78   20,699.06    11,195.62     31,894.68     1,399.90    41,774.10   32,143.41
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Low value
assets             6,187.61    29,028.89   35,216.50    6,187.61    29,028.89     35,216.50                   0.00         0.00
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Advance payments
made
Plants under
construction       2,691.70   U -2.691,70    0.00         0.00        0.00          0.00                      0.00       2,691.70
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tangible Assets 1,082,630.57 1,313,581.87 2,387,505.08 539,262.75  296,255.30    835,518.05    20,533.39  1,572,520.52  543,367.82
                               -8,707.36
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                      F-54
<PAGE>


                                       BAW
                                    Exhibit 2
                           Deutche Mark Exchange Rate



                  Rate at            High            Low
                  December          During          During        Average
                     31,             Year            Year           Rate
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
2001               .4530             .4907          .4266          .4672
2000               .4817             .5327          .4206          .4974
1999               .5137             .6115          .5106          .5454
1998               .5967             .6301          .5385          .5693
1997               .5583             .6503          .5285          .5779










































                                      F-55

<PAGE>
                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit
Number   Description of Exhibit
-----    ----------------------

3.1      Restated Certificate of Incorporation(2)

3.2      Bylaws of the Company(2)

4.1      Form of Common Stock Certificate(1)

4.3      Warrant dated February 13, 1995, to Norwood Venture Corp.(2)

10.1     Employment Contract of Larry R. Inman(1)*

10.2     Form of Change of Control Agreement between the Company and each
         of its executive officers and key employees(4)

10.3     1991 Employee Stock Plan, as amended effective November 1, 1996(3)*

10.4     Incentive Stock Option Plan, as amended effective November 1, 1996(3)*

10.5     Non-employee Director Stock Option Plan(3)*

11       Statement re computation of earnings per share

12       Statement re computation of ratios



 * Management contract or compensatory plan
(1) Filed as exhibit to the Form S-1 Registration No. 33-46115
(2) Filed as exhibit to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1994
(3) Filed as exhibit to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1996
(4) Filed as exhibit to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2000










                                       31

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
